Tweet_text	Label
i suspect atheists are projecting their desires when they imagine obama is one of their number.  does anyone remember the crazy preacher with whom he was associated?    i can understand a career politician in the usa needing to feign belief to get elected, but for that purpose i would imagine a more vanilla choice of church.     he is not an atheist.  he is not a liberal either.	0.0
it is funny how the arguments the shills are making here are still so close to the racist remarks the gop has already admitted to.  always attacking  lazy minorities and young people.     &gt;[i]f it hurts a bunch of college kids that is too lazy to get up off their bohunkus [sic] and get a photo id, so be it,  and  if it hurts a bunch of lazy blacks that wants the government to give them everything, so be it.    the law is going to kick the democrats in the butt.   	0.0
we are truly following the patterns of how the mandarins took over empires, not because of the sword, but because control of the endless paper, and regulations, that do more to stagnate most people's lives, then to do anything productive.   but then because they do not see what else they can do, they write up even more laws and regulations, that either do nothing, or hinder more freedom and production.	0.0
air pressure dropping as altitude goes higher.   less pressure around the exhaust stream (which is high pressure itself), and it expands wider as you go higher  if you look at the video now, the exhaust stream is far wider than the craft itself	0.0
absolutely.  i think we would be hard pressed to find a website that did not experience some sort of slowdown after getting  number .  number  million or  number  million visits in  number  hours.  also there are bound to be some glitches when rolling out a program of this scope.	0.0
democrats do not know how to manage money?   shocking!	1.0
it is not like automation has eliminated the need for any manual labor since the  number  hour work week was established or anything.	1.0
would he win?	0.0
yeah i did not get far.  this article fills me with sadness	0.0
insane like a fox.  ted cruz is actually very very intelligent.  it is his constituents that are insane.  he is just playing the part.	1.0
what kind of heartless person down voted this?  who is sick enough that they would rather the kid die than have their boy barry be called out for killing him?	0.0
if jesus destroyed satan for our freedom, why is there still evil, tom, huh?  huh?  why tom?	1.0
god, i hope so.  and when it does, i will keep kicking it.	0.0
because you cannot work the part timers crazy hours now the law will make them full time and require health care.	0.0
they only help the poor to promote their god to the less fortunate.  take missionaries for example.	0.0
&gt; the essence of the entitlement state is government giving away free stuff.  hence obamacare would provide insurance for  number  million uninsured, while giving everybody tons of free medical services - without adding one dime to our deficits,  promised obama. 	
&gt; 	
&gt; this being inherently impossible, there had to be a catch.  now we know it: hidden subsidies.  toss millions of the insured off their plans and onto the obamacare  exchanges,  where they would be forced into more expensive insurance packed with coverage they do not want and do not need - so that the overcharge can be used to subsidize others. 	
[  if it is too good to be true...  it is not  ]( v= number ofxcxqpjxi) 	0.0
because the reddit liberal brigade  would downvote it to oblivion within minutes?  does that sound about right?	1.0
it is amazing how democrats view money.  it has to come from somewhere you idiots and you signed up to foot the bill.  congratulations.	1.0
the tides of change are on the move.  legalizing pot will do nothing to change my smoking habits, but i am excited for the potential economic upside.	0.0
to be fair, there are many who are only bigots because their religion tells them to be bigots.   that described me when i was a christian.   sadly, i too believed homosexuality was a sin.   i spoke out against it when the subject came up.   i was a bigot.  when i deconverted, and i no longer had a god to tell me it was wrong, my bigotry evaporated along with my religious beliefs.   i had no reason to think homosexuality was anything but perfectly normal.  for many, religion is the reason for the bigotry, and not simply the excuse.	0.0
that just makes me cringe.   not sure if it is the use of memes to try to appeal to teenagers or the fact that this song will not stop harassing me (i get it you guys that is so funny i am a fox).	1.0
i used to pirate videogames, then steam came along and i stopped.   i used to pirate music, then spotify came along and i stopped.   i used to pirate movies, then netflix came along, and well, i still kinda pirate movies because i find the cinema to be a poor experience and do not want to wait.  but i pirate a lot fewer movies now.   i still pirate tv shows which are not on netflix, because fuck waiting sometimes a year or so to watch stuff that is aired in the usa.	0.0
young, single guy here...  my policy was perfect for me.  now it is going to cost $ number  more per month, er visits are going to cost me a minimum of $ number  instead of $ number , and i am losing my six free dr.  visits :(	0.0
&gt; number )    churches are anti-science.  &gt;despite growing change, many churches are still legalistically anti-evolution, anti-global warming, anti-pro-choice, anti-environment, anti-psychology, anti-medicine, and anti-women (to name just a few)  i just do not understand how anyone who is curious and inquisitive would prefer to repeat secular  common sense  inside of church instead of trying to go deeper into the bible's and the church's fascinanting philosophy.  why would such person be called an intellectual?  also, does an intellectual worships science?  if you go to any humanities college, there is no worship of science going on.  so i was a little disappointed with the article.  i do feel like a stranger in churches.  but not because people have any prejudice against me.  every intellectual is a little rebelious.  that is not a christian quality.	0.0
the only people offended by the redskins are white liberals and obama.	0.0
so the question during their twitter q&amp;a about washing the sleaze off with a regular shower or with baby tears has been answered... it is baby tears while removing candy from said baby.	1.0
i have not read the article yet, and i have absolutely no clue whatsoever what race a peanut butter and jelly sandwich could be racist against.	0.0
this really is pathetic.  you send shit to other countries and you **have** to include the obligatory proselytizing bullshit?   really?   &gt; i love jesus because ____________	1.0
i for one am in utter shock that these fine institutions would stoop to such a low level to deceive consumers and benefit themselves financially.   /s	1.0
i am sure it will pass..	1.0
it sounds to me like this is simply a brief exchange concerning pr strategy.   they are both agreeing that sticking to the message of openness to compromise while democrats are saying that they will not accept a compromise on implementation of the affordable care act presents an opportunity to appear more pragmatic and reasonable (exactly the face republicans need going forward).   i lean a little liberal myself, but i would have to agree with others who have said that this is not a gaffe by any stretch of the imagination.   this clip just shows two politicians agreeing that they would like to be seen as the  good guys,  no surprises, and certainly no harm, there.	0.0
i am curious whether mcauliffe's victory changes reddit's stance on money in politics, considering he is a guy who has never been elected to public office and is riding a wave of out of state money?	0.0
would not some of the door knockers see this as  a test  and knock anyway?  i do not get many door knockers where i live, the  number  times its happened i just answered the door in my underwear and say a polite  kindly fuck off  and that worked.	1.0
[deleted]	0.0
so the solution to that is having constant upward pressure by creating money out of nothing that is constantly inflating, since any deflation is catastrophic?  because that is often the conclusion of the keynesian/new economics argument that you began.  people need *wealth* to trade for other *wealth. * but when our central banking system is such that new money can be printed to drive down interest rates (allowing companies to expand and raise wages faster than they would otherwise have been able to) and pay for government programs that fall short in budgeting, the balance is thrown off.  there is new money in the system, but the same amount of wealth.  it works great at first, creating a boom.  but eventually the market catches up with the fact that people are trading more paper money for the same amount of *stuff*, and you have a contraction, or a bust.  it is often hard to argue against your statement in a populist setting, since what you said is essentially true.  if people have more money, they can spend more money.  but what you have not taken into account is what french economist frederic bastiat called  what is seen and what is unseen.   i would reccomend reading his essay of the same name and seriously considerin it is implications.  i used to think along the same lines as you until i read it.  i would also point out that it is small and medium sized businesses that create jobs.  new businesses are therefore the best path to future job creation.  however you seem to be (possibly indirectly) arguing that demand side limitations is what hinders this.  as someone actively trying to start a business right now, i can tell you that demand side has no effect on my business plan, as i only intend to sell my product for $ number - number , which is what i believe the market can handle.  jumping through all the regulatory hoops is killing me though.  just one quick example out of many: if i want to set up my business as an llc in order to secure business loans and give myself a layer of protection, in massachusetts i have to pay a $ number  registration fee.  then *every single year* after that, i would have to pay an additional $ number  fee for the privledge of filing my annual report with the state.  this annual report serves noones bennefit but the states, i might add.  if you want new jobs to be created quickly, remove all the regulations hindering small business development.  and if you do not believe that it is that bad, i would invite you to to ahead and try starting a business yourself.	0.0
i think the more damning idea is...   everything we do in this body should be about messaging to win back the senate, sessions said.	
i mean, i assume he is using hyperbole, but the idea that the main goal of the house is to deliver the senate to the republicans is absolutely awful.  i would really, really hope that   small government conservatives   would have a problem with that, as well as libertarians and democrats...  and anyone other than a team-minded politician. 	0.0
virginia does not have party registration.  so of course ultra far right republicans somehow think they are  independents .   it also means all primaries are open primaries.  this is why cooch supporters changed it to a caucus late in the game, he would not last in an open primary.  edit: meant to say convention.   same idea essentially, choosing without a broad vote.	0.0
that, of course, is the debt star.	1.0
&gt; if there are other laws that do, that has nothing to do with obamacare.  you should read the article.  second paragraph:  &gt;the  number  national voter registration act (nvra), known as the motor voter law, says that dmvs and other state agencies that provide public assistance have to provide voter registration services.  the reason the ppaca is involved is because it creates new federal and state agencies that provide public assistance.  &gt;besides, why is it bad to encourage people to vote?  high voter turnout usually results in elections going against republicans.  this is why they try so hard to disenfranchise voters every election cycle.	0.0
some men have a midlife crisis when their daughters go through puberty.   it makes them feel old.	0.0
science and statistics, as opposed to carl rove blindly believing that ohio would go for romney.  just guessing though, but there was a lot of 'your statistics mean nothing' going around at the time.	0.0
what is a dennis miller?	1.0
do not forget he is canadian  he is chosen the dark side of fundraising, confused by lots of donations from angry gop base who would not vote for a democrat if you literally paid them $ number .  the fool does not realize that the quick and easy path will destroy him in the long run.	1.0
what did they even mean by death panels?  nobody explained that to me.	0.0
the epa is in fact non essential.	1.0
it is too bad their lifespan is measured in days.	1.0
must not be much going on for congress this week.	1.0
skanks, the lot of them.	1.0
that was today's talking point.	1.0
i have a dream...  that one day, i can go to  number / number  without any amount of judgement or suspicious and buy a roll of blunt for  number  cent + tax.  and i am still dreaming indeed	0.0
i saw it best said in another cartoon  at no time was the obama administration aware of what the obama administration was doing.  	0.0
so how is to any different than the regan and nixon masks worn for decades?	0.0
* you know we can hear you, right?  *  * yes.   (continues rant)*	0.0
but what *can* be done?   too big to fail  is a very real thing, especially now, with so many people retiring and set to retire over the next  number  years or so, and so much of their retirement invested in the stock market.  you take down the major banks and force a massive market correction, and you essentially wipe out the life savings of millions of people.  there is a reason the fed is pumping so much money into the stock market, trying to spin up share prices in any way possible: because we do not really have any choice.	0.0
i was thinking during this whole shutdown that republicans we are committing political suicide.  however, i logged on to facebook only to see my bat shit crazy family members posting statuses about how  obama is shutting down the government like a whiny child because he has not got his way  and realized that i no longer believe in democracy.	0.0
if you cannot win on substance, win on a technicality: gop creed.	1.0
&gt;its the constitution.  i know nothing about this case and how it was ruled.  but it was the court that blocked it, not the constitution.  a court could rule that eating ice cream is unconstitutional, that does not mean the constitution had anything to do with the ruling.  unless you would like to cite directly what part of the constitution (which does not mention education at all) relates to what he was trying to do there.	0.0
hmmmm...  it was next to impossible for me to realize king obama actually apologized for his lies.  for him take this advice would make my head explode.  did bill even think about who would then pay for this new healthcare system before he opened his mouth?  people wanting to keep their plans are undoubtedly the ones paying taxes (thus obamacare) to begin with.  democrats are scumbags when it comes to sticking their hands in other peoples pockets.	0.0
obama is god!!!!!!!!!	1.0
governor, how to you reconcile your statement with the linear progression of time? actually from a non-linear, non-subjective viewpoint it is more like a big ball of wibbly-wobbly timey-wimey...  stuff	0.0
why do i have two separate youtube accounts?  one with my original username and a different one with my real name attached to my google plus account?  and they want me to switch over to the google plus one but it does not carry over my subscriptions.  i just do not get it.	0.0
'reid' and 'reasons' share part of a syllable; cannot be coincidence.	1.0
i also do not think it is a  secret  per say.....	0.0
yet more proof that there is a god.	1.0
then why  was hitler rejected from art school?  :p  there are particular facets of card's books that i find really hard to reconcile with his real life bigotry.   in the later books, ender is among the most rational and egalitarian characters i have ever read.   card clearly understands diversity and tolerance better than most people, yet he flat out rejects them.  it is sad how much power religion has to poison even great minds.	1.0
why..  why is this even a remotely good idea?  are we low on chickens?	0.0
she is a uniter.   most people, regardless of political affiliation, can agree she is horrible.	1.0
graduated high school in  number , i still use the skills i learned in shop class on a daily basis, yet i have never been called on to  diagram a sentence .	0.0
:: sigh ::  this is the reason people are not being reached.  because of  pastors  like that.	0.0
correction: rand paul's speech writer plagiarizes off wikipedia.  you all really think politicians these days write their own speeches?  hah!	0.0
fuck him.  i work thanksgiving because we serve canada.  so do a lot of people.  get over it.	0.0
lol.   i never thought about that before.   christianity already has  number k+ denominations, let us not make more based on his favorite color	0.0
i do not...  i cannot even...  poe's law.... are they fucking serious?!?!?	0.0
i have a fairly crappy insurance plan with a $ number  yearly deductible (insurance paying  number % of most stuff with $ number  copays) and for a family of  number  it costs me $ number /biweekly.  not sure what the total cost is including my employer's share.  my rates are not changing due to aca.	0.0
wow, uh, this guy really does not understand what he is talking about at all, does he?  and, unfortunately, people like this guy are the reason why morgan freeman does not believe in god - because people like this guy force you to choose between science and god.   here is a excerpt from an interview with morgan freeman:  ----------  q: did we invent god?  a: yes.  q: so there is not a god up in the sky somewhere.  we came up with god ourselves.  a: well, here's a scientific question: has anybody ever seen hard evidence?  what we get is theories from our earlier prophets.  now, people who think that god invented us think that the earth cannot be more than  number , number  years old.  so i guess it is a question of belief.  my belief system does not support a creator as such, as we can call god, who created us in his/her/its image.  ----------  there are millions of people who believe that  god invented us,  and also think that the idea of a  number , number  year old earth is ridiculous.   but those people are drowned out by folks who find that things like evolution uncomfortable and thus reject it, making the faith look foolish by association.   if the loudest proponents of christianity presented the case for god in a reasonable fashion, and admitted that theism is a matter of *faith*, i think we would have far fewer atheists than we have by having those proponents insist that we have empirical proof of god, and reject science because it does not fit the narrow worldview they have created for him.	0.0
yup, do not even remember the last time i pirated a video game.   give me the same service (instant, sales) for tv/movies and i will stop downloading.    number $ for the dvd of one tv season is not reasonable.	0.0
i agree.  unfortunately it is become taboo to be a thinking person and a republican.  we have been forced out by zealots who pander to the dumbfuck contingent.  i will never go back .	0.0
depending on their policy they may have limitations to technology coverage but their agent should have built riders &amp; managed umbrella policies to take these things into account.   disclosure: i am not an agent, my mother is a senior commercial underwriter and father is an adjuster so i grew up in a household where the dinner conversations we are all about insurance.	0.0
jokes on us..    (i love that site... )	0.0
the further upside is that if the minimum retirement age for benefits was raised  number  years, the fund would be solvent well into the  number 's.	0.0
former insurance lawyer here:  it is entirely possible that the insurance would only cover the fair market value of the destroyed equipment.   that is often substantially less than the replacement cost, because the fair market value of a  number  year old computer is pretty low, but you cannot easily buy a  number  year old computer as a replacement.  other things could have happened as well.	0.0
how did they know he was homosexual?   judge much?	0.0
ny times indicates that it is not over.  &gt; [while the deal put numerous civil cases to rest, it does not save jpmorgan from any criminal inquiries into its mortgage practices.  **under the terms of the deal, the bank will also have to assist prosecutors with an investigation into former employees who helped create the mortgage investments. **]( _r= number )	0.0
the letter and article seem to speak more of john boehner wanting to fire a gut for criticizing the pope.  misleading title.	0.0
if you watched mccain over the past year you had notice that  he is like a pendulum swinging from sane to crazy and back.  he is in the  sane  zone right now.  just wait a few days and he will say something crazy.	0.0
leno still sucks balls!	0.0
seems like all is forgiven regarding the republican brinkmanship caused government shutdown.	1.0
for a moment there i thought you we are talking about vets as in animal doctors.  that is so horrible :(	0.0
my favorite illustration of this:  january of this year, he wrote an opt-ed in the washington times saying we should use drones to protect us from illegals within our borders  february of this year, he did that insane filibuster over whether obama could use drones within our borders  march of this year, he said,  if someone comes out of a liquor store with a weapon and  number  dollars in cash, i do not care if a drone kills him or a policeman kills him.  	0.0
[youtube center]() for youtube is like [res]() for reddit.  once you try it, you wonder how you ever managed without it.	0.0
this is exactly why i do not want her as a president for  number - number  years and why i want her as a senator for the next  number  -  number .  not that i would not vote for her if she ran because, as of right now, i think she would be great.  i just wish to stretch out that greatness a bit longer and hopefully have a few more like-minded senators elected to work alongside of her.	0.0
their ideology is homophobic and sexist.	0.0
i just like [this part](. png).	0.0
note that all are from secure pockets of uninformed, low information voters who will not likely face any significant re-election threats.  also note the with the exception of bachman, few of these tea party frosh are known much beyond the backwater districts that they misrepresent.  more to the point, it is an absolute failure of leadership for john boehner to be led by a brass nose ring by this small group of malcontents.  [it is not at all clear that he would even lose his speaker position if he openly told this group to fuck off. ]( )	0.0
i honestly do not know if this article is for real... no one is that stupid... right??	1.0
best idea ever!   could you imagine if scientific industries and scientists got the same ridiculous tax breaks as your average kansas church?	1.0
[what am i missing here? ]( search=romans% time &amp;version=mounce)	0.0
god was decided decades ago as ambiguous as to not pertain to a specific religion, of course if it was in jesus christ we trust, then you would have an argument.  so in essence, mr.  concern troll, get dunked	0.0
i see confederate flags all over michigan.  it is not a symbol of  southern pride , its just fucking racism.	0.0
this is such a naive view.   money is literally the most valuable thing you can possess.   as long as money represents the value of literally every good and service that you can buy with it, then money will continue to rule every facet of our society, from labor to trade to rule of law to politics and everything in between.   it is profoundly frustrating as money has absolutely no intrinsic value of its own (except as perhaps kindling for fire because it is made out of a combustible material), but we are the ones who give money so much value in our lives.   money does rule over us, and always will, until we move into a true post-scarcity society.   and even then we will probably still allow money to rule over us, because for the most part we are all pretty dumb.	0.0
i read the introduction --&gt; it is very interesting so far.  i like how page  number  points out how riddiculous the accepted story is, really funny page :) that said it seems to be pretentious  this is the truth...  .  i will read more to find out if the rest makes sense.  thanks for sharing anyway.	0.0
i am an american jew and i call on the people of israel to get rid of netanyahu and other right-wingers.	1.0
i do not know about a jar of honey, but when i look at the ridiculous infrastructure we have set up here in the us and the resources wasted in the name of  homeland security , i would have to agree that bin laden may very well have won the bigger war.  the  number  minutes story last night about the trials that are going to be held in guantanamo after  number  years so that  justice  can be dispensed shows me just how fucked up we have become after those attacks.  we are still *terrified* apparently and since  number / number  was an act of terrorism...	0.0
	1.0
nothing to see here folks.  dancing with the stars is on.   no need to worry about this.  support the troops.  murica!	1.0
sourceforge has been going downhill for a good while now - it is time that everybody still on there migrated to github or similar.	0.0
&gt; if half the population of your country is this stupid then why have not the other half tricked them into just going along with them?  you mean the republican party?  they have done this.  except they failed to maintain complete control and some of the crazies are now in positions of power.	0.0
definitely worth listening to.   this topic is clearly divisive, and its interesting to see what those legal minds think.  of course they have all done and said things that make me shake my head, but i do have respect.	0.0
this just in: pseudo scientists make claims using incomplete and insignificant data as proof- everyone believes them.  its like mythbusters.  let us use a half assed bastardized scientific process and not thoroughly test	1.0
i tried the site about a week and a half ago just to see.  had zero problems.  i have personally hated obamacare since its inception.   government funded for everyone is the only logical move.	0.0
yet another do as i say hypocrite wearing a big 'r. '  i fucking hate  christian  legislators.	0.0
data is worth billions.   technology is worth millions.	0.0
well would we expect anything different from this administration that has been leading us down the crapper.  are the people going to do anything about it?  i think not, they have allowed all the bullshit to continue this long and they will allow it to continue on.  in fact if anyone in this sub reddit surprised that these people we are *allowed* to come into the country and all on the taxpayers backs.  i think this is only the beginning.  start arming yourselves people.	0.0
yo dawg, help an airman out	1.0
this reminds me of when catholic adoption agencies shut their doors rather than be forced to follow non-discrimination laws.  only this time it is so big that i doubt they would be willing to shut down rather than give in.   it will be interesting to see what happens.    my boss's religion really should not be able to affect my healthcare.  edit;   ah, so the issue is these are not considered to be religious enough to get this special treatment.   hopefully they can get that fixed.	0.0
when right wingers whine that the usa has some of the highest corporate tax rates in the world, i remind them that these  rates  are like the manufactures suggested retail prices for mattresses...... nobody actually pays it, everyone gets a special  sale  price.	0.0
**betteridge's law**	0.0
&gt;  here's a picture of my house   oh?  you do not have a house?  why not?	1.0
[deleted]	0.0
showed this list to my mom (a conservative christian who fights for and would have fought for all those things) and got grounded.  worth it.	0.0
i agree on principle, as an illinoisan.   one of my college roommates, at the time, was on obama's senate campaign, as an intern.   i got to hear all about him and how he would be a great senator for illinois.    number  years later, he quits his job before he finishes a single term, which was mostly spent campaigning for president.	0.0
they would not close the plants if an alternative source was not in place and it appears they are being replace by natural gas...  cheaper, more efficient, and cleaner.   how is this with complaining about?   one plant closes, another opens with lower operational cost.  some jobs will be lost, but that happens when your business model fails to be competitive.	0.0
why only rely on a single mechanism of control when you could layer dozens over each other?	0.0
every time a liberal whines about their precious obamacare, and angel gets its wings.	1.0
i highly doubt that speech will do him in if he runs.	0.0
why not both?  forest loss has been halted or reversed in most of the developed world.  tree farms are now very sustainable, and the logging industry in the us is a leading proponent of environmental protection.	0.0
this cannot be said too often.  i am jewish and i know of no american jew who has anything but contempt for netanyahu and other israeli right-wingers.  it is the american christian hard-right who supports him, not us.	0.0
they tried using polls, they tried being clever...  only to discover they poisoned their own well.  now it is time to take a drink.	1.0
oh, for fuck's sake.   does *everything* have to be about race with them?	0.0
who are you talking to?	0.0
never ever thought i would see a bunnyhug mentioned on reddit.  only in saskatchewan.	0.0
if they keep this up i might actually start watching fox again.	0.0
republicans see the impending shut down the same as they saw the impending sequester; **as a crisis they will not have to take responsibility for that can be used for leverage. **  for example, if the gop said,  give us what we want or we will defund the government and force it to shut down,  we could easily point to their deliberate act of defunding the government as a terrorist act.  instead, they seek out a crisis that will occur *if they do nothing at all*.  failure to act is not the same as acting.  this way, they can say,  its not our fault the government shut down.  we put out a balanced budget, just no one wanted it.   of course, no sane person will want their idea of a balanced budget but that is left for pundits and analysts to explain and the only people watching them are the same ones who already know.  the majority of people are not politically minded and do not tune in all night to political shows or read political periodicals.  as they see it, they are in the cat bird seat.  do nothing, and you can blame the resulting crisis on obama (why not, they blame everything on him already) or get their way in exchange for preventing the shut down.  so, they are not saying,  give me everything in your house or i am going to burn it down,  they are instead saying,  give me everything in your house or i will not douse it with my water.  its mine and i do not have to give it to you.   it is not right, and most will consider it tantamount to the same thing, but i am trying to explain that it is a very *carefully strategized* tactic to give them an out from responsibility.	0.0
it fucking baffles me that this many people still voted for this guy.  :o like i cannot even be relieved/happy about the victory because i am just depressed about how close it still was...	0.0
big pharma is a huge opponent of medical marijuana, but their influence is nothing compared to the  herp derp drugs are bad  aging puritans that form a large percentage of this country.  we will progress as a nation one funeral at a time.	0.0
privatization is about looting what is left of the commons.  privatizers are 'achievers' in the same way that vultures are 'hunters'.	0.0
they have done it to long standing and useful institutions like public education.  they have been chipping away as social security, voting rights, womens health and more for decades with notable success.  a program that has yet to even be implemented is low hanging fruit for them.	0.0
obama supporters will never read or acknowledge that list exists and instead will just chant hope and change.	0.0
turtle guy, who said his primary goal was to deny obama a second term is reasonable and willing to negotiate now.  yeah.... and i am a chinese jet pilot.	1.0
&gt;and what has it gotten us?  increasing inequality.  stagnating wages.  one in four american children living in poverty, and one in six in spain and one in  number  in the united kingdom.  the worst economic crisis since the great depression.  and yet today's conservatives call for more of the same.  since that is their goal, why would they call for anything else?	0.0
she would have much more effect as the chairman of the senate banking committee.	0.0
the music is not bad.  i like the jazz-funk style:   v=b number fgxufa_yo	0.0
here's the logic.  i claim to not believe in unicorns because i am angry at unicorns.  make sense?	1.0
&gt;darwin &gt;promote creationism  this is not your everyday stupid.  this is ~~advanced~~ texas level stupid	0.0
true.  no product launch ever goes without problems.  shoot, you cannot even get a star wars action figure to be perfect in the first revision.	0.0
it is yemen.  willing to bet it was islam and not pastafarians....  grow up and face the reality of women's lives in the me...	0.0
i wish that they would point out that the misogynist guy was also misandrist;  a culture of immodest women is by necessity a culture of uncommitted men .   i am no dog who has to to chase every piece of meat in sight just like a woman is not a sexual good for consumption.	0.0
does it restore much needed snap benefits?	0.0
the straight jacket.  implying president obama should be in a straight jacket is an insult to psych patients everywhere.	0.0
sue and bankrupt that fucker.  then let the cartels in to clean house.	0.0
it is an *obligation,* not a  right .  we the people have an obligation, be it moral or practical, to act like a community and help each other, with as little prejudging as humanly possible.  to recap, neither i, nor you, nor they have any *claim* on generosity.  but i must help you.  edit for grammar.	0.0
wow, thanks for all the context, op.	1.0
computers are increasingly impacting our everyday activities.  understanding how they work has obvious benefits.  it has akin to typing and windows office classes kids started taking  number - number  years ago.	0.0
i would not be surprised if the park service tried to claim 'eminent domain' next.	0.0
i think what it means is it can buy attack ads and win the minds of large numbers of voters who do little to no research bar what they see on tv.	0.0
the religious party should read their bible (james  time ),  everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry .	0.0
maybe, but my gut tells me these elections are not being bought by the local versions of american crossroads and restore our future.	0.0
it makes it worse that he did not even say,  guilty as charged, i will make sure it never happens again.   instead, he first blamed his critics and called them  hacks,  and then, upon being caught *again* he threw his speech writers under the bus and blamed it on them.	0.0
that is assuming of course the confession is not made under duress and the killer has a fair trial.    neither of which is guaranteed.	0.0
i thought we had separation of church and state, where you are not supposed to lecture politics from the pulpit. if liberal leaning churches get to advocate for obamacare, a law passed only by democrats, then the conservative congregations get to denounce it. or is religion allowed a pass on political messaging, as long as it is in favor of liberal ideas? then we have hypocrisy.	0.0
let us eat popcorn and watch the teahadists tank the republican party into oblivion the next election cycle.  the political mileage from this kind of stuff will haunt them for decades.   remember back during the teahadist days...?  	1.0
poe's law	0.0
american royalty.	1.0
with all the bad crap coming out of washington...  frankly a speaker that used a few lines from wikipedia...  really is a circle-jerk waste of energy.   imho	0.0
hmm so /r/conservative should not be upset over this like they we are for the national bill since this is done by a state and they love  states rights   oops nope, they only like  states rights  when it discriminates and will just say  discrimination is already illegal and why is sexual orientation coming up at work anyway  which just shows how little they understand the issue.  or more likely they are just dicks who want anyone different than them to suffer.	0.0
what is considered rich people?  is the counter arguing that people who provide capital create jobs?	0.0
the moment anyone calls it obamacare, i feel like the news source lacks credibility on the subject.	0.0
what about private schools?  public school teachers are nice and i think they mean well, but unfortunately political messages are told to the students.	0.0
knowing what i do about what happened to stevens, his death reads like a blood sacrifice.  i feel strange reporting this reading of the attack, especially in light of the issues we have had in this sub recently.  i am wondering if anyone else would like to discuss this thread further.	0.0
&gt; not until we elect an actual liberal not a right winger  not until one runs.	0.0
not sure why the downvotes, maybe 'because it has been posted countless times.  however, believing in things without evidence **is** idiotic.	0.0
serious question here: why is gold considered more  reliable ?  is not it just like other currency, in that it is worth comes from our collective decision to assign it worth?  correct me if wrong, but it has no real value of its own besides the  ooo, pretty  factor, and some minor use in electronics etc.  if economies collapse, gold is worthless, right?   you cannot eat it.   you cannot make shelter with it (unless you have a whole freakin' lot).   it is not suitable as a defensive weapon. basically, you had starve with your pile of gold, while those that have shelter, food, and weapons would be trading with each other to survive.  so gold = paper money, pretty much... right?	0.0
they are one of the oldest christian sects.	0.0
the point of the article is that while everyone (outside of the fox bubble) understands that it is an astro-turf group funded by billionaires, many progressives see tea-party supporters as uninformed, low income fools who are working against their own best interest.   while the reality is that the majority of tea-party supporters are the same wealthy conservatives that have been around since the reagan revolution.  this is not to say that the media has not focused on the image of the ignorant white-trash supporter with a severe spelling dysfunction.	1.0
but because of our enormous budget deficits, that is only  number % of [outlays](. pdf).   that just makes the whole situation even more atrocious.   we are borrowing huge sums of money in order to redistribute it.	0.0
did he cut a large circular mouth hole?	1.0
&gt; atheism/theism had nothing to do with the attack.  how do you know?  is not it kind of hypocritical to say this incident certainly had nothing to do with atheism when the sub here is quick to attribute every bad action by a religious believer to his religion?  it looks as if you are moving the goalpost: when there is a claim atheists here do not like, they say:  oh, atheism is merely the lack of belief, it cannot inspire anything!    on the other hand, they do not shy away from anti-theistic claims.  when someone shouts  ah, this is what religion does to people!  , nobody reponds by saying:  this does not follow from atheism, you cannot say that in here.    when you are cultivating a culture of anger, hate, and stereotyping, is it really a surprise if some people start to feel motivated to fight the foe?	0.0
wait so the founder of a thing says his thing is the best way to do a thing?  whoa.	1.0
but hey, we are not here to generalize.	1.0
[sure it will, i believe you]( v=etbv number hm number qf number &amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player)	1.0
yeah, fuck freedom of religion!  free healthcare, my employer, that i **chose** to work for, is forced to pay for, is more important than that!	1.0
yet another great rant about how christians suck at being christians.	0.0
i do not know how any progressive is not pissed off about this bill.   i know i am and i consider myself pretty far left.  this bill is the worst of both worlds and sets the chances of true uhc back a decade.   which is what we need because without single-payer health care costs will continue to spiral out of control.	0.0
because they are put up on a pedestal above their congregation, and if they got divorced, it would hurt their career.  when i was a kid going to a super-conservative church of christ, it was a huge scandal because the preacher's wife ran off with a deacon's wife.	0.0
the thing that worries me about jon stewart is a nagging fear that comedy central is periodically trying to pressure stephen colbert to be more like him in order to appeal to a broader audience.	0.0
but you have to go to the hospital at some point in your life.  your use of the product is  number % guaranteed, so you should have to pay for that product since it is inevitable that you will use it.  we agree that they are crooks, but so many people thought a single payer system was bad so we kept the crooks alive.  democrats wanted single payer, republicans wanted nothing, the aca was the compromise.	1.0
um, not exactly	1.0
quit lying paying less tax is not welfare and cutting food stamps is not a tax increase.	0.0
&gt; but the guts of your question - even without all the name-calling and acrimony - reveal the essence of what is broken in our country.  you want to know  how i can associate  with someone you do not like?  the short answer is, how can i not?  how are we ever going to accomplish anything in this incredibly divisive time if we associate only with people that we do not disagree with?  wow.  at first i was really impressed with this quote, but now i am ashamed to live in a time where this needs to be said.  can our society, so focused on equality, be headed for a time that we shun people for having different ideas than us?	1.0
the catholic church is amellennialist, and does not believe in the rapture, for what it is worth.	0.0
great idea on the talkathon cruz.  really made the republicans look like the sane ones.	1.0
i am going to go with the polar bears died and that made the water colder.	1.0
modern conservatives and their mentally challenged cousins, libertarians, take their austrian economic ideology as doctrine, and would run with it until it drove the entire country into a backwards feudal state.  the last moderate republican president we had who realized we had to spend or cut spending, or tax or cut taxes when it was necessary was george bush sr.  because he did not embrace the unpatriotic philosophy of  taxes are theft durp  the loons on the right abandoned him and lost what should have been a fairly easy reelection (the guy was an incumbent who won and finished a large war for god's sake)  democrats have their own ideologies, but they realize when going against their ideology can be sound economic policy (payroll tax holiday as a recent example).	0.0
i was so excited to get on there for my husband to see what he will qualify for, but there are just too many people trying to use it right now.	0.0
quite frankly, it was obama that made me independent.  i am embarrassed to say i voted for him, and i am not alone in saying that.  i have never voted republican, and i do not support blocking the aca like they are, but it is going to be several election cycles before i get duped into voting for another democrat.  aaannnndddd downvotes....	1.0
these guys *got elected* to destroy the federal government.  any other professed objective is a lie.	0.0
lol, that is one big massive steaming pile of r/shitpoliticssays	0.0
yes,  stolen .  as if tradefortress was the most trustworthy person to begin with.	1.0
well, the people would on average be more attractive in that world	0.0
why should we try to cure diseases?  god designed them to kill you.  /s	1.0
i am just a bill yes, i am only a bill and i am sitting here on capitol hill well, it is a long, long journey to the capital city it is a long, long wait while i am sitting in committee but i know i will be a law someday at least i hope and pray that i will but today i am still just a bill  more lyrics: . html all about schoolhouse rock: 	0.0
you realize that somewhere a fox viewer is reading this taking it all seriously and is now, somehow, even more sure that global warming is a hoax.   to them this is poe's law.	0.0
so this guy is dick, right?	1.0
that is pretty spot on.	0.0
how much we are they given in the bailout?	1.0
[here's their official info]()	0.0
you got what you wanted then.	1.0
i think conditions have changed in the us, such that we no longer need fear the prospect of a republican resurgence necessitating excessive filibuster protections for democratic minorities, going forward.  we should go nuclear, in every regard, across the board, to stomp down the republicans, so the present administration can surge forward with appointments, legislation and policy changes that are so urgently needed... which will serve to enhance the viability of the administration and the party, in terms of hope and change, going into the next elections.  with sufficient more or less relatively progressive democratic super majorities (not rotten with blue dog ilk) in the house and senate, relatively modest and obvious electoral, campaign finance and media reforms will become feasible, to curtail republican dirty tricks and prevent them from ever again stealing an election to regain majorities.  a far more viable democracy would emerge, such that prospects of a single-party dictatorship, or capture by monopoly corporate fascist interests, would also be curtailed by the popular democratic will.	0.0
worse, it is a fire in the house that we both live in.	1.0
work, is not nobody got time for dat!	1.0
amazing how they made sure all this would go in effect right *after* the election	1.0
 money must *serve*, not rule.    capitalist or socialist, this is the attitude we need to bring back--not only for our governments, not only for our businesses, but for all of human progress.	0.0
for the same reason mega churches are popular, and you keep hearing about a new, no investment needed real estate plan or method on the radio.  greed is easy.   giving and caring is hard.	1.0
from now on, waco should be pronounced  wacko.  	0.0
and we can thank reddit in part, specifically r/darknetplan (not sure everywhere it was posted).  i posted the kickstarter there in the final hours when the humble funding goal was not yet realized.  it may not seem like much, but users from there stepped up and helped make it happen along with others outside if reddit (hubski. com is the main lifeblood of the project).  i think it was posted to r/technology and r/collapse if i recall, so thank you too!  i am glad it has finally made it to distribution.  on a conceptual and philosophical level, i am happy this exists, and look forward to seeing what it becomes.	0.0
who is sarah palin and why is her opinion more important than the member of any kindergarten class?	1.0
[new definitions](. gif)	0.0
i loved the laugh of restraint we saw the other guy give when he spewed this shit.	0.0
[kneel, my child... ](. jpg)	0.0
are you people serious?   this is the dumbest thing i have seen from any side.   this is the same thing that was said about medicare.   reagan referred to socialized medicine to stop medicare.	0.0
one down, ~ number  more to go, along with their political evangelical selected and elected majorities in their state legislatures.	0.0
i thought even a child could understand that giving money to rich people does not make poor people any better off.	1.0
also, it is sort of intellectually dishonest to say this is a republican only game.	0.0
the bible is a good argument against fundamentalism, put it that way.   because taking much of it literally is crazy.  indeed, christian traditions that do not rely on literal textualism are not going to have a problem, as they are already open to the considerable grey areas true faith (as opposed to blind belief) requires.  that said, penn jillette is as bad a face for atheism as fundamentalists are for christianity -- as he has very loose contradictory ethics.   on the one hand [he will excoriate people of faith, like obama,]() as liars, but then turn around and [praise lying in people like donald trump]() as effective manipulators.  one thing i really hate is seeming intellectual defenses of what really amounts to excuses for any personal bias.	1.0
wait until these fuckwits hear about the first amendment.	1.0
let us be clear here - it is do-nothing republicans.  i am so goddamn tired of the 'both sides are equally bad' line.  total bullshit.	0.0
welcome to the wonderful world of regulatory capture - it will only get worse as the years pass.	0.0
if someone can provide an article by the post of some liberal professor calling for george bush to get a third term, then i will take them seriously.   but this is a nation of  number , number , number  people, and i refuse to believe that any one man is suited for presidency more than two terms.  i would be more than thrilled for one year terms, with no reelection.   the power is too great to hold for any extended length of time.	0.0
&gt;every time i pay my new premium, i am paying into a system that makes it possible for my fellow americans who have not been as lucky as me-people who really have been losers pre-aca-to finally get affordable health care.  socialism.  evil, anti-american, anti-christian socialism.  right there.	1.0
chuck grassley is a shit.  there must be some underlying motive.  it is just not in his nature to do something that helps people.	0.0
what difference at this point does it make!?	0.0
did you sign up for obamacare  a.  yesterday? b.   today?	1.0
the simplest way to explain this is that the fluid injection and extraction used in hydraulic fracturing (fracking) can induce or trigger (not because directly) earthquakes.  basically human activity can weaken fault lines.  these earthquakes are typically small; scientists are not completely sure whether large and dangerous earthquakes can also be induced by fracking, but it is a possibility.  below are the recent studies and summaries of studies.  ***  nicholas j.  van der elst et al. , [enhanced remote earthquake triggering at fluid-injection sites in the midwestern united states](. abstract), *science*, vol.   number  no.   number , pp.   number - number  (july  number ,  number ).  summary: sharon begley, [study raises new concern about earthquakes and fracking fluids](), reuters (july  number ,  number ).  ****  cliff frohlich, [two-year survey comparing earthquake activity and injection-well locations in the barnett shale, texas](), *pnas*,vol.   number , no.   number , pp.    number - number  (aug.   number ,  number ).  summary: [correlation between injection wells and small earthquakes discovered](. htm), *science daily* (aug.   number ,  number ); jim efstathiou jr. , [texas earthquakes tied to extraction in fracking](. html), bloomberg (aug.   number ,  number ).  ****  won-young kim, [induced seismicity associated with fluid injection into a deep well in youngstown, ohio](.  number /jgrb.  number /full), *journal of geophysical research: solid earth*, vol.   number , issue  number , pp.   number - number  (july  number ).  summary: john upton, [fracking triggered more than  number  earthquakes in ohio](), *grist* (september  number ,  number ).	0.0
how surprising that a republican congressman from texas should turn out to be a giant hypocritical asshole.  that almost never happens.	1.0
what a steaming pile of horseshit.   i guess democrats have all the answers to all the world's problems and republicans have nothing good to say whatsoever.   we can just dismiss them all.  this kind of thinking is what is wrong with partisan politics, and as a matter of fact it is what is wrong with most religious thinking as well.    we have all the answers and we are not going to talk you because you are wrong.    it is so childish.	1.0
what a condescending, pretentious little brat.  i am neither old nor white, but i think there is plenty of room in the republican party for values-voters who are firm in their convictions and believe that an age-old, hallowed vestige that has survived for over a millenia - and is, as pat buchanan would have it, the cinderblock of every good civilization - should not be reconstructed or demolished without so much as the batting of an eyelash.  for every jon stewart-worshipping, dope-smoking millenial we mesmerize with our modernistic, reinvented,  new and improved  charms, we lose a folksy, tradition-revering, flag-waving hank hill or charlie church-going, evangelical christian.  is this shallow-minded, shortsighted, moral degenerate really going to allow the cultural marxists, who have already been permitted to hijack every major institution in sight, to frame the debate for us, rather than fight in the trenches for the divinely ordained, sacrosanct moral order that holds society together?  there is a reason heteronormative marriage has withstood the test of time: dual gender parenting - a mom and a dad - provides a balanced,  best of both worlds  approach to the upbringing of our youth.  it sows the seeds and lays the groundwork for ordered liberty, civil government, and moral restraints on the insatiable appetite for avarice and sin.  it is where division of labor, separation of responsibilities, disciplinary action against unruly behavior, unwritten codes of conduct, a rugged work ethic, self-sufficiency, and self-governance originate.  it is a sanctimonious and wholly organic institution.  men and women, though it is not some unwavering biological imperative in all cases, are genetically and biologically different - mothers typically being more nurturing, empathetic, and emotionally in-tune, and fathers typically being more stringent - stressing achievement, discipline, and hard work above all else.  fathers are generally more geared toward what is rational and this-worldly, mothers toward what is spiritual and transcendent.  most people who favor traditional marriage do not do so out of a deep-seated animus for those who deviate from the natural order: the westboro baptist church and its devotees are but microbacteria in a petri dish.  they do not even claim the conservative mantle, in any case.  they are not our titular spokesman, nor do they represent us.   religious and conservative leaders of yore have, for the most part, affirmed for themselves that marriage is between a man and a woman: ronald reagan, pope john paul ii, g. k.  chesterton, and c. s.  lewis.  we need not wilt or capitulate before the mob: biblical truths and inviolable institutions are forever - much more important than elections, ambitions of power, prestige, or social acceptance.	0.0
good luck, wendy.	1.0
i have a weird feeling this was planned out.  the pope interacting in that way with a kid is great pr.  the pope is a pr position, so it makes sense.  :)	0.0
well i suppose as long as i keep my chain saw on idle and do not point it at anyone i should be able to walk around town with it and nobody should be concerned, right?	1.0
maybe because there are more religious people in the world than there are atheists?  and that lower class countries still have a substantial number of  religious (not really religious, just following the flow) people in them?  also, since the study also includes people in prison, where a lot of people convert because of desperation, its not really reliable in that sense.  oh, shit sorry, i mean, religion is bad and stuff rabble rabble rablle!	1.0
another thing.. just to add.. when a white person says something conservative or profound it is tossed to the side and called racist, but if you put a black person's picture above it, or say morgan freeman said it or whatever, it blows up my news feed as the greatest thing ever said.	1.0
church clothes vol  number  was probably my favorite release from lecrae, and this one does not disappoint either.  if you have ever thought that christian hip-hop is awful or a silly notion, you need to listen to this dude.	0.0
[here's a quick search for you, since you are obviously to lazy to bother. ]( q=shitty+girlfriend&amp;restrict_sr=on)	0.0
hah...  you think canada has strict regulation of the financial sector...  adorable.	1.0
yup!  do not know why more christians do not follow this.  oh, wait,  its not hateful and it does not further their agenda.	1.0
why?   we have got more money than we know what to do with in the usa.  we have got people paying $ number , number  to sit in the stands at fenway to watch a ball game where a  number  year old pitcher is getting paid $ number  million dollars....  we are not broke, we have just got our priorities all wrong	1.0
i guess the mods have dictated that this is now an acceptable domain, but do not you dare try to post from any of the others!  we cannot let people think for themselves, now can we?	1.0
i have had one for almost a year and i do not think that i have even ever plugged it in...	1.0
where in the article does it say he has a faith in god?	0.0
i love the concept, but my wife's a teacher and the kids just cannot go longer in the day, and  number  of the current days is not enough time to cover all of the items needed that she needs to relay to them.	0.0
i used to be a youth leader, i was shocked and disappointed when i was ignored for basically saying the word of god is what ultimately attracts people and not games and activities.  i shared to the co-leaders about my own experience and looking forward to come to church as an unbeliever because god's word drew my natural curiosities.  their response was  you are different  and moved on.  the co-leaders are all great people but i think in busyness they focused too much on logistics... kind of like it is a given to focus on god so therefore they concentrated their efforts elsewhere.  note: me not being a youth leader anymore is not related to this.	1.0
aww fuck i am a shit [date](. jpg).  according to number  number .	0.0
when you know your religion is wrong and that you spent your life getting on your knees for no reason, you too would resist.	0.0
his career is copied from his father.   his positions are copied from the tea party.   his name is even copied from ayn rand!	1.0
matthews must mistakenly think that if o'reilly died he would get a share of the viewership.	0.0
can this be true?  &gt; we do not have to wonder whether a health care system built on capitalist profit-seeking is more efficient and less expensive than those in which the government exercises more control.  there has been a test running for decades, with many developed countries doing it one way, and the united states doing it the other.  the results could not be clearer.  ---  &gt; on almost any criterion you can come up with, the government-controlled systems work better.	0.0
the people who set up [this hashtag]( id= number ) really hit them where it hurts the most.  a long running campaign to paint them as the cheap crap store that pays crappy wages to sell cheap crap cheaply is the way to go imo.	0.0
so, will republicans call for a boycott of disney, or be satisfied to blame their high ticket prices on president obama? either way, the former part-timers will now have better healthcare coverage, and that seems to be an undesirable situation to today's gop.	0.0
if i could easily separate my android account from a google account i quite happily would and id have no google account.  unfortunately doing so would screw up my android phone apps	0.0
[a great review of the book. ]()	0.0
it is not hypocrisy to accept the monopoly when it is a monopoly.  sure, he would prefer that surgeries we are less expensive and the government was not involved, but right now that is the only option.	0.0
good thing he was born in canada.	1.0
fta:  paul is not just out to lunch when it comes to appropriating other people's writing or hiring cranks.  consider:  - he went to heritage foundation to convince conservatives he was serious about foreign policy, but he defended containment of a nuclear-armed iran.  not even sen.  barbara boxer (d-calif. ) believes that is rational.  - he went to howard university to convince african americans he was a different kind of republican, but wound up lecturing them about how good republicans had been to african americans in the past and presenting a you are on you own  economic vision that has zero appeal to these voters.	
- he went to the senate foreign relations committee to argue against help for the non-jihadi syrian rebels, but wound up arguing bashar al-assad is good for christians 	0.0
&gt; this is not an alternative budget  it is an alternative history, the one where the south won back in  number  and the republicans swept the senate and presidency in  number .	0.0
christianity has changed drastically from the days of acts and to insist otherwise is to be willfully ignorant.  people change, and cultures change, and despite that the bible has stood as a testament to the time christ walked the earth.  in his interactions with man god gave a multitude of examples for ways to live, a hundred different and seemingly contrary ways to be a believer.  the bible is flexible, and it understands human nature, while still testifying to the truth.  the fact that you do not is more telling of you than of scripture or of homosexuals.	0.0
the gospel is  christ, and him crucified.     number  cor.   time 	0.0
yeah this article was pretty horrible.   the republican party is extremely splintered and it is not all libertarians or theocrats.   its simply partisan bullshit where repubs r bad dems good when in reality there is good and bad things about both parties.	0.0
not exactly.  even in gerrymandered districts, there is a lot of disaffection with the tpers.  even if this means more moderate gopers are elected, it will make political change a tad easier (but not nearly as amusing).	0.0
darwinism would greatly conflict with hitler's master race.  it would mean that the master race has evolved from some lower beings.	1.0
if you remove the  christian  qualifier, you can see what a self-evident statement that is.  progressives are consistently at the forefront of social justice?  you do not say!  [how come this headline gets to be president of tautology club?? ]() huh?  ;]	1.0
thank you for contributing - i agree!   i think that the more you start to look into the history, the more you realize that there is so much you do not know, and that there are other possible ways of reading passages.	0.0
politics: the dirtiest job of them all!	1.0
neuroscience and the matrix would make a cool class too!  neuroscience and super mario bros could even fit somewhere.  it is not because a subject can be discussed when talking of science that this subject is valid in context.	1.0
i like his boldness, but he still comes across a little... uncomposed is the word that comes to mind.  but maybe that is what we need right now.  we need to get angry.	0.0
and is easily fooled by regular tape.	1.0
i wonder if obamacare covers whatever it is that carney's smoking?	1.0
it is not even all that miraculous, the chalk dropping on his clothes and then rolling away is well within the realm of possibility.  if the chalk floated down to the floor like a feather or hovered in mid-air then we would have something.	1.0
from user tilio who deleted his comment after realizing how stupid it was, as the other side of  independent,  i feel the exact opposite.  we are  number  trillion in debt with over  number  trillion in unfunded liabilities (medicare is once again, almost bankrupt).  instead of making efforts to work these down, democrats are piling on even more debt. it is clear that many democrats / fiscal authoritarians have not looked at this from our point of view.  republicans, tea, and fiscal conservatives in general want spending cuts and deficit reduction.  as long as we stand firm, we win.  either democrats cave to our demands (giving us the spending cuts we want), or democrats drive us off the cliff, destroying the us credit rating, forcing spending cuts because they will not be able to borrow nearly as much money.  the only way we lose is to agree to let democrats / fiscal authoritarians to keep spending.  you may dislike this point of view.  but it is inescapable fact.    your joking right?   that debt is largely a legacy of the last president and his two wars, which we had to continue.   conservative fiscal ideas are what drove us over the edge.   furthermore, we know your position, but you lost, the majority of voters elected representatives that support the aca, as evidenced by the wast of time that the republicans tried to remote on it and lost every time.   this is a democracy, just because the majority disagrees with you does not mean you get to shut down government and act like a bunch of spoiled children.	1.0
like they need more incentive not to do their jobs.  the bill would trigger across the board  number % cuts every  number  days until they pass a continuing resolution.	1.0
the left's irrational hatred of walmart is comical to me.	0.0
sadly his congressional district will keep putting him in office until they nail the box shut.	0.0
hey look!  someone who thinks the administration is actually in charge.  how  number s.	1.0
it blows my mind that anyone could be pulling down six figures in a ministry position.  i wonder what the rabbi who forbade his apostles to carry money, food, or an extra change of clothing would think.	1.0
they do that because it works.   sure, people call them out on their bullshit, but it is mostly the people who already disagree with them.   their  base  does not listen to anyone who will call them out, and would refuse to believe it anyway even if you somehow forced them to hear it.  they have been rewarded for abusing the system over and over again, to the point that we are on the verge of that *becoming* the system.   that is a big part of why it is so important that they do not get away with it this time; this needs to hurt the gop really, really badly.   so badly that they actually think twice about doing it again.   if we are really lucky, that will be what finally splits the gop into the several parties that it really is, but i am not holding my breath.	0.0
the guy was a fool from the get-go by giving any money to a church.  it is no different than pat robertson diverting money from his  operation blessing  in zaire to fund his diamond mining operation.  . html	0.0
sort of what happened to occupy wall street?	0.0
libertarians are the mirror image of communists.   their entire belief structure is based upon a utopian fantasy that cannot exist in reality.	0.0
okay, i get why that name sucks, but hundreds of people could not have thought about something better to rally about?  er...	0.0
mlk day should be renamed civil rights day.	0.0
college freshman tells his teacher he will be 'more cautious' with his homework...	1.0
ted cruz was only elected because his opponent, the perry machine pick, was horribly incompetent.  he is legit crazy, and he knows that crazy is all he can muster politically because the gop machine wants to burn him alive.	0.0
if faith was stronger than the typhoon then why are all those people still dead?	1.0
she made my penis fill with blood!   kill her!   throw stones at her until she is dead allah ahkbar	1.0
stick with it 'till the end.  i have always appreciated jonah goldberg's writing, but he really let us loose on the last page.  that is going to leave a mark.	0.0
&gt;  how did the democrats let this happen?    a democracy can never work without good will and integrity - the rules are designed for people with good will and integrity.  if you make the rules unbending enough, you lose some of what makes a society a liberal concensus-based democracy.  it is something the republicans did, not something that the democrats let happen.	0.0
each day i feel the distance between me and any religion increase.  what a horrible, horrible plague on the world it is.  how anyone can ever defend religion blows my mind.  comforting for individuals, yes, binding communities together, sure...  but the insanity, the violence, the discrimination, the backwards thinking, the warfare, the murder, the child rape?  how anyone can even think to come up with excuses for those things is completely beyond me.	0.0
why taibbi is not on every news source all the time, i will never know.  the man is a genius.	1.0
+/you/bitcointip $ number  verify	0.0
well, ok.   that is one.   number , number  to go.	1.0
&gt; should reading the bible make one an atheist?  from the quoted jillette test:   time - time  and i read the bible cover to cover.  and i think that anyone **who is thinking about maybe being an atheist**, if you read the bible or the koran or the torah, cover to cover, i believe will emerge from that as an atheist.  jillette is referring to a mindset (i. e. , people that already have doubts, considering leaving the religious faith) whilst the article author writes from the position of someone defending the religious faith/not doubting.   these different approaches, or points of view, will very likely result in different conclusions.  if one is reading the bible from the pov of doubt, the narratives will provide ample evidence to grow that doubt into non-belief or lack of belief.  if the reader has the pov that god is real, that the narrative supports this position and that god is supreme, then that person will take the same narrative and see a positive towards god.  confirmation bias is action.  i found the article to be a bit of a strawman.  however, for those that wish to understand the bible better, this short phrase is good advice:  &gt;  **go to the source material**   examine the scriptural material, and it is source, of the narratives that predated the torah/nt concerning  god  (yahweh), and the worship of god.  from whence did yahweh, and yahweh worship originate?  how did this worship change before the torah authors put oral tales to script?  how did the image of yahweh, and yahweh worship, evolve between the periods of the authorship of the sources of the torah?  of the nt?	0.0
totally agree with this:  &gt; not all republicans are modern racists but it seems that all modern racists are republican.	0.0
i will not believe the gop is dead until i see that they have been landslided away in the elections.	0.0
bill maher is an anti-vaccine nut who thinks all guns should be confiscated and the second amendment repealed.	0.0
&gt;  it is messed up you just think every conservative is the exact same when all democrats talk about is how  open minded  you are.  there is your problem.  you decry conservatives being painted with a broad brush, then you paint  all democrats  with an even broader brush.  get off the cross.  we need the wood.	1.0
"my current plan was  none .  my total healthcare costs over the past five years we are $ number .  i visited a doctor twice for a sleeping problem.  two $ number  visits.  paid cash.  if i had insurance, the deductible being higher, those visits would not get paid.  my total costs *would* have been at least $ number 	 number -$ number 	 number , depending on whether my employer pays half.  i miss none."	1.0
&gt;nifty phenomenon, but still useless nothing  unless you are building an optical transistor.  /also makes me wonder about monochromatic light wavelength tuning for each type of crystal material.	0.0
rob bell does not understand hebrew syntax.  grammatically genesis  number  is written as historical narrative, not hebrew poetry.  to say that the bible  starts with a poem,  is (and i do not know how else to say this) ignorant.	0.0
you want to know why obama could not give this speech?  he does not believe in american exceptionalism.	0.0
single payer is not free.  it is less expensive than our current system, but it is paid for through tax money.  personally, i would rather be taxed $ number  more every week and have single payer but it still needs to be paid for.	0.0
stay in school, kids.	1.0
really?  libraries need to be privatized?  jesus christ, the library is one of the few public institutions of education that we have kept going strong for hundreds of years.  people like publicly-funded libraries.  i cannot imagine him getting even hardcore gopers on board with that idea.  but, there is always some wacko libertarian out there that probably thinks it is the best idea he is heard all week.	0.0
we need more of these.  too many people go to college who should never have been there.	0.0
that is a good point.   the shutdown did that enough already.	0.0
the reason behind it is that party talk turns into a blame game and it divides people.  i prefer pointing out specific people who voted for the law rather than lumping everyone together by party name.   kudos to represent. us for not getting bogged down in that divisive talk	0.0
the  number  employee incentive plan (eip) awards range from  number .  number  and  number  days of additional pay, among the best-ever awarded by the plan.  they are based on  number  financial results as recorded by boeing commercial airplanes, boeing defense, space and security and the company as a whole.  the awards, which will be paid beginning feb.   number , equate to a bonus of between  number .  number % and  number .  number % of an employee's  number  eligible earnings.  in a press statement today boeing says in washington state,  number , number  employees will receive more than $ number .  number  million (or roughly $ number , number  per person).  not a bad bonus, but i wonder how much that tax break subsidizes.	0.0
or: lavabit gets forged ssl key from compromised service providers.  unwittingly gives feds access to active users data....  godaddy?  come on son.	1.0
so  number  million lose coverage so that the  number million who do not have coverage... can maybe get it	1.0
this is not a checklist.	1.0
omg anne rand is so dumb i was really into her when i was  number  then i grew up /s	1.0
it jumped the shark when it stopped being about fiscal responsibility and became about socialism is evil, this is a christian nation, and  stopspendingstopspendingstopspending  became their main policy while all they really did was pass abortion bills.  you know,  number  days after it started.	1.0
how is it possible that this cocksucker is not in prison yet?	1.0
the eddas do not really...  work that way.  the closest we really get is the  havamal , [which is more a set of guidelines than actual rules. ](. jpg)	0.0
you probably do not even have to start that countdown ....  but my guess is that there will be no requirement to label those chicken products	0.0
all i can say is  ha ha  they should have read it first.	0.0
the nsa can spy on the *future*!?   okay, this *is* getting scary.	1.0
fox news just hired him to be their voting fraud expert.	1.0
charles ferguson explores this topic at length in his book *predator nation*.  it is easily the most important book written yet about the  number  financial disaster.	0.0
when i read the article, i noticed that:   number ) his *old* premiums we are  number / number  his monthly take home pay.   number ) his new out of pocket expenses only increase to $ number , number  if he *continues to use the doctor he is seeing now*.  the article makes no mention of:   number ) why his current insurance company dropped him.  (he was no longer profitable and they saw an opportunity to drop him and blame it on the aca? )   number ) what his *new* premiums will be.  (they would have mentioned them if they we are going to be higher do not you think? )   number ) what his out of pocket expenses would be if he used a doctor that is *in-network* to that new policy.  (they would mention that too if it we are going to be higher, do not you think? )	0.0
always ironic to see a guy like reich, who is already made more money than he will ever need, lecture the  new rich  on how they are too greedy.	1.0
i am an atheist and a vet.   i do volunteer work with vets, a lot of whom have been homeless.   one vet told me about how he entered a program at a rescue mission in order to get off the booze and drugs and get back on his feet.   this particular program offered housing and meals and a little therapy for work every day.   when the director of the program (an ordained minister) learned that this vet was an atheist he had the guy's bed stripped and his stuff boxed up.   then he let the vet work the rest of the day, and only told him he was back on the street at the end of the day.   the guy had been in their program, working hard, for  number  months.	0.0
cheney will live forever, because only the good die young.	1.0
yep it is hard to get a good education and therefor a good job when you are home schooled by the home schooled.	1.0
the argument has some serious anachronisms that prevent it from being as effective as it could be.  to begin with, the word *protest* [derives](. php? term=protest) from the word *protestari* from latin which meant  avowal, pledge, solemn declaration.    the first [usage](. php? term=protest&amp;allowed_in_frame= number ) as  statement of disapproval  is attested in  number  and is very clearly related to the side-effects of some of the more radical offshoots of the protestant reformation.   however, the contemporary sense at the time was very clearly that it was  a solemn declaration of reformation of the church around the gospel's message,  not as a call to be  *always criticizing* everything that is not us  like this article seems to imply.  that anachronism is borne out when we examine what the  number th century reformers actually did.   the majority of the protestant reformers specifically set out a vision of an  evangelical catholic church  that corrected the errors they we are protesting.   furthermore, they generally retained the creeds and church fathers and taught there is  one holy, catholic and apostolic church.    the clear intention was only to repair the unity of the church around the gospel's promise which felt had been disrupted by the abuses in the medieval church.   therefore, this is why most protestants are not  protestants  like this article describes, as the article itself noted.  the notion of  reformational catholicism  is already inherent in most non-radical protestant philosophies.   there we are, of course, many radicals who sought to continue the reforms in ways that we are against the original intent of the reformers.   these radicals we are clearly criticized by these same reformers, however.	0.0
reddit told me that they are the same!	1.0
corporate interests are starting to make a stand against the run away tea party movement which they helped build.  this is always the problem when you build an astroturf movement.  the movement can start to take itself seriously.	0.0
it would have been nice for the photo to be captioned with an explanation of the infamous event being depicted: ryan  washes  already clean dishes at a soup kitchen that he made reopen late for his photo-op.	1.0
we already tried the whole unproven first term senator with little experience thing.  it did not work out so well.  liz has even *less* experience than obama, so it is sure to work out great, right?  makes perfect sense.	1.0
who would say that?  even if your point was we cannot pick and choose what to fund, you cannot fund a children's hospital before some government workers that are going to get back pay anyway?  there is a reason he is the least liked congressional leader.	0.0
i am curious about this as well.	0.0
thank you	0.0
in many places it was just a bad idea though.  for example, the proposed omaha-des moines-chicago line.  it would barely travel faster than cars, cost more to ride, and cost taxpayers hefty amounts to keep running in the future.  yes, the federal government was willing to chip in large amounts.  but that does not mean iowa wants to pay the upkeep costs forever after that.  we have too much existing infrastructure that needs repairing before we add another new mode.  in a lot of areas it just does not make sense.  trains can be great for high density areas, such as having light rail options in cities and regional rail in our more dense areas.  but trying to link them in less dense areas, like the midwest, makes little sense, especially when there are existing options (such as things like megabus) that operate cheaper (for the consumer and government), faster, and without the massive infrastructure investment to push a  number rd mode of travel (in addition to vehicle and air).  plus options like megabus, not being fixed in place, can much easier adapt to changing demands in the future.	0.0
i believe a universal minimum income in the us used to be a republican proposal to get rid of cash welfare and food stamps and all the rest.  i may be wrong about that but i believe in the  number s, when they believed the federal government had a purpose and taking care of labor relations was essential to the survival of capitalism they proposed a minimum annual income level.  these days though, no that capitalism has nothing to compete with they do not worry about such trivial things, capitalism won that war and there is no american left they have to appease.	0.0
[i am shocked! ]( v=nm_a number skusro)	1.0
that is how i feel about the idiots in la raza.  do not come here if you want to turn us into the shithole you just left.	0.0
why on earth is clinton at  number  percent?  could anyone provide some insight?	0.0
they are going to switch from saying that it has not happening to saying that it has too late to change it.	0.0
 congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof   how is this not clear.   it is the opening line of the first amendment.   if i am a practicing buddhist, why should my kids have to look at a sign supporting christianity all day.	0.0
getting damage control advice from rush?	0.0
i am sorry but imo the basis for this  editorial , i. e.  the letter is made up bs.   the author  receives a letter   with no proof available like a police report or the author contacting the person to discuss the information further and on the same page is an ad for his book about the same topic.   imo this story was based on something similar that was true, but this author more than likely expanded upon the story and the result is to manipulate us into a knee jerk emotional reaction.   does he propose a solution?   no.   does he do anything to further productive rational discussion on this topic?  no.   just look at the other articles he is written, never citing anything, or providing proof, or even saying he spoke with his sources.   he is a good  writer  of *fiction*.  please do not think that because i am sceptical of this author, that i some how support violence against woman or something like that.   completely the opposite.   but this person appears to be looking to profit on the subject by manipulating you into believing him and that i completely disprove of.   also if i am wrong and this was true, then that pastor needs to think harder about whether they put god first, or their rules first.   if you love your rules first, your doing it wrong.	0.0
except....  how did we ever get to the point where this became acceptable?	0.0
this way too funny to take seriously.	0.0
we are going to end up having it out with these bozos.	0.0
&gt; i know you are terrified that your little experiment is dying  you keep telling yourself that if it helps you sleep at night.	0.0
&gt;what about somali or hispanic students, who might not eat sandwiches?   gutierrez asked.	
they are called tortas in mexico genius. 	1.0
&gt;interestingly, while voters are more critical of the tea party, they continue to identify with the movement's smaller government/lower taxes message.  [ number % worry government will not do enough for economy;  number % want cuts ]()	0.0
reporting another black-on-black murder does not help the liberal media agenda.  white guilt does.	0.0
ask not what you can do for supply side jesus, ask what supply side jesus can do for you.   all by buying gold from my ministry's website!	1.0
i wish governor jindal was a better candidate.  smart, decent record, and a great personal story; but he sounds like a ninth-grade shop teacher half the time.  that state of the union response speech in  number  was a damned catastrophe.	0.0
if the government is shut down for a week, it should automatically trigger dissolution of congress, an emergency election and a cr for the time between dissolution and the new election.	0.0
for those not in the you. s.  here is a youtube version of the video:   v=cdn--qasutm	0.0
someone being the foremost expert in a subject is pretty impressive.   that single person having more knowledge and experience of a single subject that any other human alive.   she is the foremost expert of four separate subjects.   wow.   no.	1.0
*because they do not have the option of paying for a legitimate copy online at a reasonable price and under reasonable conditions (the ability to play the content on different devices owned by the user being a big one)  ftfy	0.0
the author is a twit.  i am not sure how deluded and dense one must be to talk yourself into being so willfully ignorant.	0.0
because msnbc...	0.0
nope, this is not the view of the majority of christians (either around the world now, or throughout history), but it is typical of what are called  dispensational premillennialists,  and they happen to have a pretty strong (but weakening) presence in the churches of america, particularly in the south.	0.0
i am still protesting the teaching in schools of heliocentrism as perpetrated by the convicted fraud and known huckster galileo.  if geocentrism was good enough for jesus then it is good enough for me.	1.0
here in nc, they recently got  the invisible man  banned from high schools for a year, too, using extremely similar arguments and language.  this is not the invisible man about the guy who becomes invisible due to radiation.  the banned book was about a poor, black man in the south who felt like he was socially invisible, trudging through life with those around him using him as labor without ever learning his name.   here's my thought: this is the third story i have heard in as many days about banning books, and in all three cases, the books we are about poverty and disenfranchisement, about the disconnect between middle class america and poor america, about our class problems.  in all three cases, they claim the books are offensive and pornographic, but in all three cases they seem to be very un-shocking books.   i wonder if there is an organization trying to whip up right wing parents to ban books about race and class, so we bring up a generation of kids who never address these ideas, so that right wing economic policy gets through to them more easily.   just a thought	0.0
one thing that is just kind of flying under the radar is that the gop's vision for reduced spending is *already* enshrined in the democrats (senate) funding proposals-- the sequester is the new established baseline.  and yet it is not considered a  compromise  from the right, however, the lapse of the bush tax cuts is seen as a *huge* compromise on their part, and that one  counts  as the basis for *new* concessions from the dems.  no matter that the dems are giving them essentially the paul ryan budget, it is not enough.	0.0
i am going to self censor myself about what i really think about trayvon's mama and just say that entire case centered on the agenda of liberals.  i did not think i could be pushed any farther away from democrats or liberals up until that point, now i despise them.	0.0
as a libertarian, i do not like the free pass that this post implicitly gives to reagan and gwb.   when measuring the percent increase in the national debt, the reagan and gwb administrations' stewardship of the debt was unconscionable.   the debt was $ number .  number  trillion on the date of reagan's first budget (beginning of fiscal year  number ), and it was $ number .  number  trillion at the end of his last budget, for a percent increase of  number %.   for gwb, $ number .  number  at the start and $ number .  number  at the end, for a percent increase of  number %.   as for obama, $ number .  number  at the start and $ number .  number  currently, for a percent increase of  number % (but he is only responsible for  number  fiscal years so far).   [source](. htm)  dick cheney told treasury secretary paul o'neill, [ you know, paul, reagan proved that deficits do not matter.  we won the mid-term elections, this is our due.  ]().  bottom line, pointing fingers about the debt is a losing argument for republicans.   the best thing to do would be to stop talking about it, sweep it under the rug, and make sure it never happens again.   i mean, can you imagine if obama was on track to increase the debt to $ number .  number  trillion?!   that is what it would take to be the equivalent of what happened under reagan.  i disapprove of just about everything obama and the democrats are doing these days, but accuracy is important.   blaming obama is a losing argument when it comes to the debt.	0.0
well, his  liberal eugenics  argument just firmly placed him in the same category as the tea party as he makes up shit that sounds scary and appeals to the uninformed.	0.0
[deleted]	0.0
that is hilarious.	0.0
and?   even the republican base does not want the current republicans in control of congress!   that is why so much anti-incumbent rhetoric exists right now.   poll says nothing.	1.0
he probably will not but if he does republicans will be  outraged  like they do not filibuster everything	0.0
lots of info on that here cx= number % number aesf number ml number aag&amp;ie=utf- number &amp;q=quantum&amp;sa=google+search#gsc. tab= number &amp;gsc. q=quantum&amp;gsc. page= number  edit: &gt;the risk, if there ever is one, is not from the mining aspect but rather from quantum computer being used to crack private keys, but i am certain devs will adapt to stronger key algo by then. edit: quantum computers might be better at mining (through grover's algorithm) than classical computers, just like asics are now better at it than graphics cards. the system automatically adjusts to higher mining speeds.	0.0
i wish more people understood the specifics of the aca that created the situation that this woman finds herself in.   i feel really bad for her.  the two biggest victims of the aca are the people who can no longer afford their private insurance because of the minimum standards:   number .   who make too little to qualify for the exchange subsidy, and have to go on medicaid.   number .   who make just enough that they do not qualify for the exchange subsidy.	0.0
i have got malcolm x-ray specs--they enable me to see through white political hypocrisy.	0.0
it is new to a lot of people.   most people do not understand *everything* is being stored and afaik the nsa is still denying it.	0.0
and i think i will just leave this here...   v= number thco_olhas&amp;sns=fb	0.0
but wait bitcoins are not real nothing was really stolen...  people pirate virtual information, music and software all the time... its all virtual..... why pay for software?   so why should it be wrong to take bitcoins..... :p (sarcasm)	1.0
i hope he is more set to go nuclear then the last time he said he was set to go nuclear.	0.0
 number  comments....  i see  number 	0.0
remind me again why this big-money political action committee enjoys tax-exempt status?   benefits of devoting yourself to telling others how they should live their lives?	0.0
pre-giuliani years here we come	0.0
it seems horribly unfair - and it is - but if we did not keep paying them - or if we paid them minimum wage as others have suggested - then the wealthiest politicians would hold out forever until they got what they wanted and people who were not already rich would be disincentivized to run for office at all.  the  number % would be even more grossly over represented than they already are and have even more of an advantage than they already do.	1.0
i do not think you guys are on-board with how important it is to get every bit of carbon out of the ground and into the atmosphere.	1.0
from someone who really does not know much about this: is this launch mostly noteworthy because they will attempt to recover one of the stages of the vehicle intact? (that nice system that there was a video of recorded from a chopper? )	0.0
all you need to do these days is get your income defined as a return on an investment.	0.0
this asshole is going to be responsible for the deaths of millions of americans.	0.0
surely they will offer an  in tfsm we trust  version, right?  or maybe  joseph smith lied ?	1.0
[deleted]	0.0
it is funny that you discount this guy's opinion because of his bias but fully accept the completely biased ipcc report.	1.0
look, i appreciate that we all love porn, and that this has everyone very scared, but this is not the abuse we are all waiting for.   this one actually claims in the memo to be about targeting jihadists and debasing them within their own groups.   that is why their porn habits would matter.  the abuse we are looking for is a policy targeting specific american individuals on american soil who are not participating in violent acts, without going through proper legal channels.	0.0
another poll found that most people believe water to be wetter than fire.	1.0
 no evidence  did not make his list, except maybe indirectly in how the bible really seems like a book of fantasy stories.  it is an odd way of thinking, to me.  it is like wishful thinking turned backwards where you do not believe in god because you do not like religion.	0.0
you got it the wrong way around.  every single poll has stated that people think gop is the problem.  guess we will find out for sure when hillary is elected amiright?	0.0
i heard that al gore stands to make **thousands** of dollars from his investments in energy efficient air conditioners!	1.0
a chuckle-worthy irony.	1.0
for the republicans, probably a crazy fuck that has zero chance of being elected in a nation race, but will pull in tons of cash when he runs.	0.0
both sides only posted a partial deal.  here is the full, official deal: 	0.0
itchy ears comes to mind.  the best false hoods are  number % truth and  number % lie	0.0
that is because there is a law preventing changes to congress's pay unless it is voted on and even then it can only be implemented after the next congress comes in.   i think most would agree this is a good thing.   this is a nonstory designed solely to capitalize on populist outrage.	0.0
maybe ken cuccinelli should not have built his campaign around sodomy.... because he sucks!  **rimshot**  thanks folks, i will be here all week!	1.0
almost a decade old is more than a bit...   also:  their 	0.0
[is not this the same post? ]()	0.0
impose a $ number , number  fee for normal citizens running their mouths, while allowing corporations to get away with things like destroying entire communities and ecosystems for free.  and we allow it.	1.0
repeal and attempts to alter the existing law are perfectly acceptable and examples of the process at work.  what the republicans have done and are continuing to do is not acceptable--it is extralegal, it is an attempt to game the system rather than to legislate.  it would be wonderful if the gop turned their energy toward correcting actual flaws in the plan, perhaps even presenting a better one rather than insisting on this pointless exercise that does nothing but leave us all exhausted and frustrated.	0.0
yes, i have been hearing this bullshit on the radio and tv all week and it is infuriating.  the reason those do not carry over is because they are scams that do not cover shit if you actually get injured.  but no one seems to be talking about that fact.	0.0
because obviously anyone that does not agree with you is a bad person, am i right?	1.0
you do realize that most of the current job lose is actually because of technology right?   automation has killed more jobs than any other factor out there.   it is the giant elephant in the room that no one wants to address because everyone loves technology but it is simple fact.  	0.0
you only have two parties.   why do not you just flip a giant coin for each election.  same difference.	1.0
it is a start.  the fact that it drives the reich wingers nuts is just gravy.	0.0
yes, the war on christmas rears its ugly head once more.  this year we will not see blinking lights on houses, decorated trees in homes, christmas services at church, christmas products for sale in every store nor even a single christmas-related advertisement.  to make it worse, no one may own a bible any more or celebrate christmas in their own homes.  if you are jewish, muslim or a host of other religions, you are asked not to celebrate your own winter festivals as the mere presence of another holiday is a clear attack on christmas itself.  also, if you are an atheist, your existence is an affront to freedom.  /eyeroll	1.0
and possibly feels guilty that he resides in and makes his living from the high-income class?	0.0
unfortunately, they cannot.  at least for the  number - number  odd gerrymandered deep south house seats the gop created that ensure that, even with a national democratic sweep, they will remain republican districts.  to say nothing of the further steps these states have taken to restrict valid voters from exercising their franchise.  anti-democratic?  you betcha!  besides, the republican party makes too much money off these extremists to remove them from their group.  about the only saving grace to this is that the gop  moderates  (they only want to strangle public education, social security &amp; medicare in its crib, versus blow its face off with a shotgun) have lost control and must now kowtow to these lunatics.	0.0
so true alan.  i will not give  money to dncc and the rest of the blanket orgs again.  thank you	0.0
if they cared about debt, they would not have voted for a candidate that wanted to increase military spending by $ number trillion.	1.0
[walmart is not the only company to have asked its underpaid employees to donate to feed each other. ](  basename=upmc-opens-food-bank-for-struggling-employees-misses-point-completely&amp;day= number &amp;id=blogh&amp;month= number &amp;year= number )  upmc, supposedly a non-profit hospital system, has done the same thing for a while now.	0.0
i think it is a good start, and it will be interesting to see how well it works.  i am fairly progressive, however i do think that the states should be left to do this, not the federal government.  maybe it is the moderate conservative in me, or this recent harrumph about obamacare, but i just think that if the federal government we are to initiate something like this, it would be way too messy.  but with that said, i cannot wait to see how this pans out!	0.0
this is really no surprise.   all it takes is an awareness deliberate public manipulation is prevalent, and concerted.  another recent article about wikipedia:  . html	0.0
i am slowly-but-surely learning to hate my generation.  i do not wanna.  i really do not.  but shit-asses like this keep emerging and i cannot help but feel like we got it wrong.  ron paul revolution propaganda successfully converted a sizable portion of millennials into free market cappie shit-asses.  and i am afraid that that conversion is permanent for a lot of them.  it essentially *invented* a right-wing contingent in the millennial generation.	0.0
hell the kochgangsters bought wisconsin they do not have to bother with little things like laws anymore.	1.0
my family would shut this crap *down* immediately.  we get together for a fabulous meal, not this sad-childhood baloney.	0.0
*sigh  fuckin' assholes over there think men should have all the priviledges and women should stay subserviant without a voice.    shame on them	0.0
is that not the correct thing to do?   i agree it was poor judgement to take the donation in the first place.   but let us not go all benghazi about this.	1.0
multicam, hands down.  also, let crye precision make them since they produce the best quality by a wide margin.  their op cammies are indestructible.	0.0
do we own our bodies or do we not?  i hate to say that there is a point to be made.  yes, it gives open door to exploitation of the poor, but is it the role of the government or other people to dictate what we can and cannot do with our bodies?  please discuss and mention why this should be different than when a woman owns her body for an abortion.  i am not taking a side.  i really want to see the discussion.	0.0
mike rowe sounds like a great role model.  i loved his show.  conservatives and liberals should listen to his message.	0.0
up next, obama shuts down all sidewalks in the nation due to no budget.	1.0
the  american family association ... you gotta love it - they represent the american family like charles manson and his  family  did...	0.0
you have done a really great job keeping track of these.  as someone else mentioned, though, most of them here are from media matters.  have you seen these incidents reported elsewhere?  what was the reception/interpretation?  i am interested in how slightly less left leaning groups as well as far right leaning groups would interpret this information.  (i have not looked through your  number  examples yet, the page is still loading since before i started this comment. )	0.0
that link is worthy of a post in itself.	0.0
i have read boswell's books, both of them.  christianity, social tolerance, and homosexuality is a bit better, but same-sex unions in pre-modern europe is an exercise in wishful thinking.  i am sympathetic, i have many of the same wishes, but it is.  what is interesting is that if you read more than the dust jacket he basically admits as much, arguing that while these relationships we are meant to be celibate they probably did not all live up to the ideal and that this created a social niche for homosexual men while not being exclusive to them.  i am not sure i like his reading, but even his own position, at least as i could discern it at the time (this was ages ago), has a bit more subtlety than  omg ancient gay marriages.  	0.0
 number  timothy  number    &gt; number first of all, then, i urge that supplications, prayers, intercessions, and thanksgivings be made for all people,  number for kings and all who are in high positions, that we may lead a peaceful and quiet life, godly and dignified in every way.   number this is good, and it is pleasing in the sight of god our savior,  number who desires all people to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth.   number for there is one god, and there is one mediator between god and men, the mana christ jesus,  number who gave himself as a ransom for all, which is the testimony given at the proper time.   number for this i was appointed a preacher and an apostle (i am telling the truth, i am not lying), a teacher of the gentiles in faith and truth.  while i will probably read piper's book i think it is odd to write on something so clearly stated already in holy scripture.  does god desire all me to be saved?  yes, absolutely he does.	0.0
baptists, evangelicals, church of christ/god, etc all could not give two shits what the pope does.   he does not represent them or their views of church doctrine.   catholics really only make up  number % of our country so it does not surprise me that the gop is not tied to what the pope says.	0.0
&gt; many of them could use the free day to take their parents to doctor's appointments  except the doctor would not be working if the norm was a  number -day workweek.   i am all for working less, but some of the examples given here are not correct.   a true  number -day workweek would mean a one day longer weekend.	0.0
all the more reason to cut billions from food stamps.  darned freeloading starving seniors.	1.0
even if you do not believe in god or psychics, you gotta follow your gut man.	1.0
sadly, they already have.  the public schools and colleges are simply indoctrination centers for the liberal agenda controlled by socialist teachers unions.  when i was in first grade, my parents bought me nice, crayola-brand markers for class.  the first day of school, the teacher took them from me and gave me back cheap roseart/store brand markers, with one or two of my original crayola markers.  that was the first lesson in socialism.  some students had better supplies than others, and that was unfair.  this practice is done in most public schools, ask any parent.	0.0
as usual there is some idiot making this argument:  &gt;  i do not believe the government should have to tell me i have to buy any insurance,  said joshua lucas of arizona, a stay-at-home father of two.   i am  number  years old, and i am in great health, so i do not feel like i have to have it.    that is great that you do not feel like you have to have it, but if you end up in the er and have no insurance then other people end up paying those bills.  it is not a choice you get to make because it impacts other people directly.  if you have at least an extra $ number , number  lying around to cover an emergency then i would say you have some room to make that argument, but something tells me joshua the stay-at-home father of two does not have that kind of money saved up for emergencies.	0.0
imagine if it was a man his age going after  number  year old girls with substance abuse problems.	1.0
good on the eff for calling out the ny times for being the frequent scumbags and corporate lackeys that they are.  that paper has gone so far downhill in the last  number  years or so its pathetic.	0.0
thanks mirandapd for introducing me to katie goodman.  never saw the videos before and they rock.	0.0
if you give a mouse a cookie...	0.0
the aca website is a  number  times better than the republican idontcare. gov healthcare website.	1.0
 ... the villagers hid the best they could and hoped that the terror would pass them by.  think of them as your standard gun control advocates who prefer to hide and hope that someone else will protect them.    dang, nailed me as a pacifist.  /s	1.0
yeah, people need to stop shooting elephants in the face for fun.   i think there is enough evidence to suggest they are sentient.	0.0
but even the cheapest plans offer preventative services for free.   and being  number - number k in medical debt is a much better position than being  number k- number million+ debt (which can be complicated to file for bankruptcy: . html)	0.0
when did house republicans declare jihad exactly?  i must have missed that.	1.0
i really do not think this qualifies as being dicks.  this is intelligently making a point.  this turns the tables of the actions and beliefs of the common democratic liberal on a much smaller, understandable scale, such in a way that is familiar, realistic, and easy for anyone to relate to.  even if they do not like that its the truth.	0.0
i would love to celebrate him for this, but then i would need a google+ account.	1.0
any idea what became of the horrified liberal?	0.0
wisconsin here.   yup, our esteemed governor is quite proud about kicking  number , number  constituents off of medicaid.   the base, some of which are directly effected, continue to cheer.   after all, they must find some other positive aspect of the agenda walker was given, since the jobs plan has been shown to significantly stifle job growth.	0.0
this hurt my mental spellchecker.   on a serious note, where are schools open for veterans' day?	0.0
this is a very dangerous situation.  in all the countries where fascism took over, it did so at a time of left-wing ascendancy.  the tea partiers will only continue to participate in elections if they can win them.  once they start losing, if they follow the fascist pattern, they will begin seriously calling for violence.  then we have our kristallnacht, and who knows where it goes from there.  i seriously hope i am out to lunch on this one.	0.0
yes, many of us are aware of the liberal media's double standard and pc politics.  those that are not aware will forever remain stupid and by default, liberal.   oh and please do not correct my post of the improper use of capitalization because [that be racist! ]()	0.0
what is wrong with supporting the troops?  they are people, just like everyone else.	0.0
republican = bad politicians and democratic = good politicians?	1.0
&gt; today, they followed up by unbanning the huffington post, which had recently reasserted its relevance by publishing an op-ed by president obama.  wait, that is a joke, right?	0.0
&gt; yes.  my  number  premiums rolled out.  i will pay $ number  per check (bi-weekly) for full coverage and no deductible.  you lucky dog.  my health premiums dropped dramatically also, but i am paying *way* more than you.  looking at my states health exchange premium rates, i will save a *ton* once obamacare kicks in on october  number st.	0.0
three of his four kids are gay.  what are the odds of that happening?  my very rough calculation is that it is something like  number  in  number , number , but i could be totally wrong.  what is also interesting is that among the four siblings heterosexuality is the minority orientation.	0.0
to be fair, that is probably true for a society where women are currently cloistered: giving them the freedom to leave the house on their own will probably increase rates of shopping and drinking lattes at starbucks, too.	1.0
the better question is if we allowed to have personal secrets.   if we can legally have personal secrets, we should then reasonably be able to utilize encryption to protect them.   the problem is that this is not how the government feels in the interest of national security.	0.0
&gt; republicans have argued that in pushing nominations, obama is packing  the court, and have insisted that obama is trying to tilt the court's ideological balance in a democratic direction.	
i bet a million dollars that if it was a republican president pushing conservative minded justices, there would be no opposition whatsoever.  ideological balance?  fuck them. 	0.0
this is not the air force oath, it is the cadet honor oath that they take at the end of basic training  i will not lie, steal or cheat, nor tolerate among us anyone who does, furthermore i resolve to do my duty and live honorably, (so help me god).  	0.0
he is a cloned turd all around, that is for sure.	0.0
as a fellow pennsylvanian i really do feel like the saying  philadelphia and pittsburgh with alabama in between  has some truth.	0.0
to be fair, *in general*, voting is not (or should not be) just about choosing what is best for yourself.	0.0
take a moment to watch the above video.   do not post mean comments, this fellow is genuinely scared of his government and he is trying to express it.  this is what we are up against though.   conservatives have been taught to fear their government, taught that their government is some other, external entity that is out to take away their rights, their money and their freedoms.  if we are to make inroads for the progressive movement we are going to need to address and assuage these fears.  we are also going to have to dispel some of the misinformation and misunderstandings people like this have been exposed to.   this video illustrates the fundamental misunderstandings of how our government operates and who our government consists of.	0.0
did not know i was so powerful.  cool.	1.0
haters going to hate.  he hates everyone.	0.0
[deleted]	0.0
maybe it is just me, but i am not really sure why wall street is the headline  villain  in this story?  private money managers have always been involved in the investment of public money because it is extremely inefficient to require every municipality to have a team of portfolio managers running the entire fund.  the real issue seems to be the systematic underfunding and raiding of pension money by the government to fund various projects/tax cuts etc.	0.0
it was shared because of the mentality women are subjected to, by pastors, by fellow church members, by family and coworkers... a mentality that lacks compassion and heaps blame and guilt on a victim of violence.   this story is am extreme example, yet it gets to the crux of the epidemic... yes an epidemic that is causing trauma, m injury and even death to millions of women all over the world.  even us  civilized  nations are not immune, with violence against women at only slightly lower rates than developed nations... according to who.  the church can do better, from the most conservative to the most liberal to work to end this	0.0
ifunny?  really?	0.0
about  number  in  number 	0.0
a good idea, but would probably need a constitutional ammendment.  write to your state government to build support for the idea.	0.0
kinda like what the democrats did for years and years before republicans gained a foothold.	0.0
it is unbelievable this is how government is supposed to work.  we compromise to pass laws and make things happen, the same goes for any negotiation in government.  this guy is a mini king george.	0.0
&gt; membership in this elite group is likely to come from being involved in some aspect of the financial services or banking industry, real estate development involved with those industries, or government contracting.  some hard working and clever physicians and attorneys can acquire as much as $ number m-$ number m before retirement but they are rare.  &gt;folks in the top  number .  number % come from many backgrounds but it is infrequent to meet one whose wealth was not acquired through direct or indirect participation in the financial and banking industries.  &gt; most of the serious economic damage the you. s.  is struggling with today was done by the top  number .  number % and they benefited greatly from it.  &gt; a highly complex set of laws and exemptions from laws and taxes has been put in place by those in the uppermost reaches of the you. s.  financial system.  it allows them to protect and increase their wealth and significantly affect the you. s.  political and legislative processes.  they have real power and real wealth.  ordinary citizens in the bottom  number .  number % are largely not aware of these systems, do not understand how they work, are unlikely to participate in them, and have little likelihood of entering the top  number .  number %, much less the top  number .  number %.  moreover, those at the very top have no incentive whatsoever for revealing or changing the rules.  so, basically investment bankers, etc have taken over and are now running - and ruining - our country.  they are an existential threat - left alone, their actions **will** kill us.  what do we do about them?  they have so completely twisted the laws so there seems to be no legal recourse for their actions, which suggests the only ways to protect ourselves are extra-legal...  hopefully, i am wrong, and there are still legal ways to counter them, because otherwise the future will be disastrous, no matter who wins.	0.0
i agree.  the interpretation of  turn the other cheek  seems especially contrived into a political statement.	0.0
it is really not about money.  the lack of a decent health system in the us is a human rights issue, and should be treated like one	0.0
it was a great night except for washington state.  [failure to pass the gmo labeling bill](. html) and the success of [comcast on ruining prospects of high speed internet]() in seattle makes me kinda sad.	0.0
it is always good to see a lying president council another lying president on how to/not to lie.	1.0
his naivete makes me cringe on the inside.	0.0
i think this is just one more way that the media tries to belittle atheists.  who tries to pretend the person they are angry at does not exist?  children.	0.0
what is the reason for such an eccentric orbit?	0.0
she must have taken the parsing graduate course from bill clinton.	1.0
oh my	0.0
a valid question.  until about a decade ago, i would have scoffed and recommended heavy duty tinfoil.  now... now these people have insulated themselves so effectively from the real world that even the threat of bursting that bubble sends them into a panic.  i think that if their bubble media plays the same game in  number  as they did this last time, and the loony tunes brigade does not see their defeat coming, or worse yet, thinks for sure they have won... again... they will snap.  what that actually means is anyone guess.  could be a revolt, kind of.  lots of the wing-nuts are very well armed, having been preparing for that martial law they think obama will declare any day now.  of course they would fighting the military that they have voted to hurl money at for years, which is sort of like banking on your own defeat before you begin.  try explaining that to one of those idiots and watch them turn purple trying to figure out why they did that!	0.0
&gt;get off ohio's dick and let them do what they want to do  and while we are at it, let us let the south have slavery again.  frankly, there should be a constitutional amendment protecting a person's right to do what they want with their own body, particularly prior to the point where they are carrying another *viable* life.  no state should be able to write laws that make it more difficult to get an abortion under the guise of  protecting women  when it is a fact that abortions performed in the developed world are among the safest procedures in medicine.	1.0
it is mind-boggling that it is that high.	1.0
their business depends partly on their likability.  if they become unnecessarily greedy with google+ it could harm them more than they could imagine.	0.0
nah, just toss it in the recycle bin.	0.0
yes, please... identify yourselves.	0.0
thank you; it was not working for me.	0.0
they are not crazy, they are stupid.	0.0
i do not think it is necessarily dying in america, but i would say more individuals are bending the beliefs of religions  to not be so ridiculous.  there are exceptions, of course, but more people are starting to believe in just a creator.  not all that other stuff.	0.0
i am sorry, but does anyone actually believe that the slate article is meant to be taken seriously?  if so, there is some hard-hitting journalism over at the onion that is sure to catch your interest, too.	1.0
it is not.  it would be like calling a debate 'civil' if you we are in a car with someone and they we are speeding towards a cliff with the intent of going over the cliff if you did not accept all of their demands and give up yours.	0.0
because your bullet does not need to agree with a bunch of other people's bullets before it kills anyone?	0.0
yea that is it.  china.  nothing to see here.	1.0
&gt; was  still is, really.	0.0
is that what we have come too as a nation?  our most vulnerable do not deserve any assistance, they should just sell body parts if they need money?  we cut all this money from assistance programs because we are supposedly bankrupt, and yet, each taxpayer in this nation pays approximately $ number /year in taxes to cover corporate subsidies, and no one bats an eye?  stossel, i hope you get run over by a bus, you dickholster.	0.0
they are voting for the constituents that matter, the ones that give them money.  dollars &gt; votes.	1.0
soooo... yeah.  conservatives....  racist homophobes.   :o	0.0
so beware, when the cult ends, it is not usually by everyone realizing how silly they we are and retreating to sanity.	0.0
i am kind of skeptical.  the question is about school kids specifically.  a lot of schools have a confederacy-related mascot, so many might interpret the question to be about official school clothing.	0.0
i literally just purchased  number  ps number  games for  number $ a pop.  waiting is definitely worth it.	0.0
i think everyone should go for it.  the gop has already said obama planned it to fail, so the system would go to single payer.  i have an idea: let us go to single payer *before* it fails.	0.0
&gt; an unintended side effect of the security measure is that a number of non-malicious extensions that violate google's terms of service in other ways will effectively be shut out.  i love when changes *for your own good, because you are too stupid not to download and install malware from the web* are also self serving.	1.0
the administration will claim victory and say the website is working fine for everyone on the  number st.  it will be up to the media (haha), social media, etc.  to hold them accountable.	0.0
yet at the same time, through god all things are possible.  i take that as i am able to handle anything that comes my way through my faith in god and the fact that he is literally 'with me'.	0.0
liberals and conservatives should be fighting like hell to reduce the costs of healthcare.  not merely figuring out ways to make other people pay for it.	0.0
i feel that, so long as all participants are there of their own free will, there is nothing wrong with porn.  if we could move our society past its ridiculous sexual hang-ups, porn would cease to be useful as an avenue of blackmail.	0.0
did he talk at all about how he places personal religious beliefs over the civil rights of others?	1.0
i do not think it was mocking obamacare, it was mocking everyone else.    have you ever noticed that when snl did skits with george bush, bush was the joke, but when they do skits with obama, everyone else is the joke and obama is level-headed?	0.0
&gt;this is because about  number % of catholic doctrine is derived more from apostolic tradition than sacred scripture.  i have seen this statistic thrown around the sub a few times, and i do not quite understand it.  is not  number % of catholic doctrine from holy tradition?  i mean, holy tradition is what led to the canonization of the bible, so that   number % biblical  is just a subgroup of   number % tradition ....	0.0
wow..... just... wow	0.0
bet the gop will not try to repeal the patriot act  number  times.	1.0
good points, but the previous gop talking points did not keep kids from seeing pandas at the zoo or shutdown government websites.   this stuff has a high level of visibility.   no idea if conservatives will care, most of them seem to be low information voters or hot button voters, but moderates and swing voters are not walking away with a rosy picture of the gop right now and the last election showed us, regardless of the gop's 'unskewing of polls', these voters went for obama, not romney.  i guess we will see during the midterms how this shit went down with voters.	0.0
per the article, a lot of it was just  good luck .   but i am sure reddit is not going to just believe that...	0.0
they did a good job i think.  hopefully one day there'll be a dutch revival and it will be reclaimed as a place if worship.  until then there has worse things it can be used as i suppose.	0.0
kinda ironic considering obama's support of unions.	0.0
lol silly usa.  there are lunatics on the streetcorners but you should not make them majority leader in your government.	0.0
&gt; obama thought he could change things, but when the curtain was pulled back, he either saw something that scared him into backing off, or was pushed into becoming a hypocrite.  or he just said whatever it took to get elected.	0.0
typical liberal	0.0
&gt; no interviews, for any reason, ever  unless it is on fox news.	0.0
i do not want this to be downvoted to oblivion.  i am being genuine here and trying to start a discussion.  why is a deficit/debt a bad thing?	0.0
they do not care about the troops while they serve either.  how many marines died from shower electricution in iraq again?	0.0
male sovereign power?	0.0
now to see whether he will deliver on his promise or not.	0.0
i have been reading a lot of articles about blackstone.   just because they have deep pockets, does not mean they know what they are doing.  the idea of buying up individual properties is just ridiculous.   they cannot maintain those properties properly.   each house has its own set of unique issues, because they we are built with the idea an individual would buy and live the house and maintain it themselves.  the people who cooked up this plan, should have taken those billions of dollars and just bought large apartment complexes.   oversight would be easier, the buildings are built to withstand the wear and tear being rentals and maintenance can be dealt with more efficiently.   for all we know the reason they did not go that route is because they knew they could write their own rules with individual properties.  remember the part in upton sinclair's book  the jungle  where the family rents to own a property, that is in fact just badly built with a  cess pool  underneath.   this is what is happening again.  all they are creating are slums in neighborhoods, destroying the true market value of properties, and denying regular folk the opportunity to own a home.	0.0
i wish religious fundamentalism would be officially regarded as a mental illness.	0.0
leaving all the other nonsense aside: what is up with the representantive from florida saying god placed adam into the garden of eden to  work it  and that  work is not a penalty; work is a blessing ?  my bible foo is not exactly waterproof but i am pretty sure that adam's penalty was banishment from the garden where the fields had to be worked in order for shit to grow.  the serpent has to crawl on its belly, eve gets painful child birth and adam gets work.	0.0
seems like a really terrible article to me.  yeah, let us gloss over the police state this nation has basically become, and blame wall street.  lots of stupid in that article.  i am guessing that is why there are lots of upvotes, yet no discussions.	1.0
nah, am worse in real-ity.	0.0
it should have absolutely none.	0.0
poor child.	0.0
 if i like your plan, you can keep your plan.  period.  	0.0
like one of those edugames?  sounds good really.	0.0
your congressmen dosnet have your back, he has you by the neck	1.0
it would be nice to be able to explain more about some of the answers.   for example, i am a baptist, but baptists in norway are theologically more closely aligned to anapbaptists than southern baptists in america.  (i feel like southern baptists often give us a bad name.   they seem to completely disregard liberty of conscience among other things that we stand for. )	0.0
what makes you think warren is not obama v  number .  number ?  that is my main question.  i was with you in  number , thinking obama was a more progressive option.  we we are both quite wrong it seems; i do not think i trust warren to not be more of the same.	0.0
let me fix if for them.   if true, these accusations would amount to some of the gravest war crimes ~~perpetrated~~ admitted to by american forces since  number  	1.0
unless it is bush's election, but that was not really an election since the supreme court basically awarded him the office.	0.0
virginia wants the (d)	0.0
&gt;but the ec - was not even close  number / number  - or  number / number .  &gt;and even the two elections the gop did win in the last  number  years, we are both by a single state.  (florida ' number  - ohio ' number )  why is why they started a  number  prong attack on the elections:  * suppress the vote - voter id laws, inaccurate voter rolls falsely disqualifying legitimate voters  * gerrymandering districts  * push to divide electoral college votes by winner in each congressional district in blue and purple states, but keeping it winner takes all in red states.  the conservatives are not even pretending anymore that this is nothing more than a bold face attempt to steal elections.	0.0
my father worked in saudi arabia and became unwell.   my stepmother had to dress up as a man - which my mother said was not difficult - and drive him to the hospital	0.0
nelson muntz sends his regards.	1.0
simple,  free market  is code for  let us do what we want, when we want, with no oversight or government interference... unless we fuck everything up, then the government can bail us out 	0.0
the analysis of the numbers is actually wrong here.  the  number .  number % of prisoners who gave no answer could well be all atheists.  you can make no assumptions about these.  is it possible, perhaps, that they mostly gave no answer *because* they are atheists?	0.0
i think the right feels worse about hillary.  i would think there would actually be less issue with warren.	0.0
that watermark is your downfall.	0.0
as far away as possible.	0.0
turn that shit into a drinking game.   every time he says the word  conversation  do a shot.   and then die of alcohol poisoning :\	1.0
is not texas that state that go bailed out for $ number  billion by the fed gov during the s&amp;l crisis back in the  number 's?	1.0
what the hell is wrong with ending white privilege? or employment rights for trans* people?  and by  disallow critical assessment  of evolution i bet they really mean  do not want creationism taught as scientific theory.  	0.0
silent circle is closed source and should not be trusted.	0.0
as a non-american this is getting annoying.  if half the population of your country is this stupid then why have not the other half tricked them into just going along with them?  the only thing left to think about americans is that the whole bloody lot are dumb as shit.  i know you are not really all stupid, i have many good intellgent friends who are americans, but you guys do need to realize how the entire world is looking at you like a bunch of monkeys with dynamite and matches right now.	0.0
no, not even close.   capitalism died along time ago when we let large companies write legislation that small companies cannot afford or comply with.  this is why no new banks have opened up in  number + years.	0.0
you know, if my daughter we are in a similar situation, and i found out a pastor had said something like that to her, i cannot honestly say how i would handle it.  this makes me pretty angry just to read about it.	0.0
that was a rather stupid article.  it criticizes atheism for not being about more than atheism.  that makes no sense.   atheists tend to...    many atheists believe that...   atheism is not a general world philosophy or political movement.  it is a lack of belief in god.	0.0
i am still getting a blank page with a title header that says  success url .  got it earlier today, and just now.  i got in once a few days ago, and experian said my address was not my address and could not confirm my identity.  i was at work and did not have time to call, so i closed out.  have not been able to get back in since.	0.0
transhumanism is a morally questionable set of ideas, at best, but this article is put forward by a few crazies from backwoods usa.	0.0
the government is not a charity.	0.0
if he has a gun against an innocent persons head, he deserved to be shot.  yes he might be troubled, he might have a rough past, he might have just fallen in with the wrong crowd.  but in the end he is the one who decided to pull the gun on somebody, it is his responsibility he has nobody else to blame but his own self.  i believe in forgiveness and second chances and i hope this young man turns his life around, but he has nobody but himself to blame for where he is.	0.0
garfunkel and oates are amazing.    sex with ducks  is another fantastic takedown of religious stupidity.	0.0
the guy who invented basic coverage for everyone in massachusetts should run for president.	1.0
part of me thinks obamacare was designed to fail leaving single payer as the option to  save the day .    the people that engineered it just cannot be that stupid..... can they?    it has to be a conspiracy.	0.0
something like a cvd type  number d printer?	0.0
because they are following the lead, either directly or indirectly, of fox news and the religious right.  they are told that health insurance is evil, and they are not in the habit of questioning what they are told by those they consider to be reliable sources.  though honestly, this is sort of a chicken-and-egg situation.	0.0
well at least this proves he is a little more pragmatic than his father... not that that is saying much.	0.0
it is already on the books in new york, but the democratic &amp; republican politicians think it would be better to give the billions of dollars back every year rather than fully funding our needed social programs.	0.0
the government has *no* rights.  the government, at least as the constitution spells out, only has powers granted by the electorate.  it has no  right  to any of those powers.	0.0
wow.. they are so polite and suspiciously similar:  * i agree.  sen warren has a nice ring to it and she will get a hell of a lot more done in congress than the white house.  * you make a good and intelligent case  one i have had in the back of my mind.   her value as a senator is irreplaceable.  * and i agree because i like that as senator, she has the ability to focus all of her energy on particular key issues  * i read this article and am in agreement.  i think the country would be better off with her as a senator.  * i have thought the same thing.  i think she is in the right place at the right time.  * i agree, i did not think i would agree with you but you made a great case. keeping her in the legislature is invaluable.	0.0
i would not say it is terrorism, but it is extortion.   and it is not democracy.  recall congress!	0.0
awesome letter.	0.0
this would easily go  number + upvotes outside of this sub.	0.0
god i hope so.	0.0
huh .  a democrat made a comment trivializing rape and it is not all over the news?  if it was a republican it would be the top story on cnn and msnbc right now.	1.0
and a fundy christian half-term governor, with delusions of grandeur, is one of the best sources for comedy in america.	1.0
i think similar results we are reported a few months ago.   but either way, this makes sense.   the biggest and most well funded and supported opposition to evolution in schools comes not from young earth creationism, but from intelligent design.	0.0
this...  this is a joke.  it has to be a joke.  this website must be a subsidiary of the onion, right?... please?  god, i hate my countrymen sometimes...	1.0
hate to be the wet blanket here.   i like rep.   holt and all, but this is going nowhere.  the bill needs to be serious.    he needs to have co-sponosrs.   most of all, it needs to address piecemeal, serious, actual changes and repeals that need to be made.   sorry, but this is the 'legislative equivalent' of what ted cruz did yesterday.  we need *pragmatism*.   set out realistic, practical things that can be done, and accomplish them.  enough with the futile gestures already.  &amp;nbsp;   edit: the good news is, [the senate looks to be making better progress. ](. html)	0.0
 you will be abused.    heh heh.	0.0
sweet!  thanks for sharing!	0.0
in other news, democrats want *everybody* to be owned by the state.	1.0
that is it.  i am moving to the moon.	1.0
the problem is actually much worse.  unemployment among young people is at a level that would have been considered a crisis on par with the depression  in  number .  fixes are not as easy as raising the minimum though, we have a much broader work force (almost all women work outside the home which was less the case in  number ) and much less demand for labor do to automation and computers.  its not just factory jobs either, we have tons of software solutions that render human labor far less necessary, heck even the humble voice mail is a job killer.  so while raising the minimum wage and even indexing it is fair its not going to help very much and might even speed up automation since robotics are getting better by the day.  there is an  ethical solution, social credit (pay everyone a base wage) combined with  a distributive  economic system (changing the system to incentivize distribution within the middle tier) but they are politically difficult to get into play.  also both require big changes, a much smaller military, trade controls  and deep limits to immigration which have other issues.  and note the current solution of social democracy does not work well.  europe has it and also has heavy youth unemployment and low birth rates.  its not as bad as actual marxism ( number % fail by volume) but it does not seem to resolve the problem.  its slows the bleeding but it does not heal the body.  i think and i do not know that the above might work.  if it does not well as aaron cleary puts it  enjoy the decline 	0.0
we know the earth is vastly older than  number , number  years old for a huge variety of reasons.  just to name a few:  amino acid racemization, baptistina asteroid family, continental drift, coral, cosmogenic nuclide dating, dendrochronology, distant starlight, erosion, fission track dating, geomagnetic reversals, helioseismology, human y-chromosomal ancestry, ice layering, impact craters, iron-manganese nodule growth, lack of dna in fossils, length of the prehistoric day, lunar retreat, naica megacrystals, nitrogen impurities in natural diamonds, oxidizable carbon ratio dating, permafrost, petrified wood, radioactive decay, relativistic jets, rock varnish, seabed plankton layering, sedimentary varves, space weathering, stalactites, thermoluminescence dating, and weathering rinds.  really though, this is just a short list.  virtually all we currently understand about physics, chemistry, and geology leads us to a conclusion of an old earth and universe.  all of the evidence we currently have available indicates this.  &gt;... and they are not taking in the account of a possible global flood...  there is no evidence to suggest that at any point in time earth was fully covered with water or oceans.  having  never looked into it  your confusion is understandable.  edit: like someone else said.  on an order of magnitude of how far off creationists are it has equivalent to believing that new york city and los angeles are like  number ft away from each other.	1.0
it is just [this card](. aspx# number ) with twice the memory. &gt; number .  number  tflops single and  number .  number  tflops double precision peak floating point performance	0.0
i actually do not care about google+ comment.  i would prefer if they fix their broken player.  stuff like debuffering a video because i went back in the video is frustrating.	0.0
so when they went to private ownership, they just magically developed over night a deep knowledge of crops, animals, environment, and farming techniques?	1.0
this message needs to get out more.  as it sits, the propaganda of the lamestream media has been successfully painting the right as  angry white people  as opposed to the  soccer moms  of the left.	0.0
lol seriously i love these old fat out of shape tough guys that you can just look at and tell they have never been through anything real.  he would probably bitch up if you backhanded him, you probably would not even have to close your hands to get him to fold up like origami.	0.0
first comment to the article sums it up pretty well.   andrew craig   hendrix college  i am coming over to your house to eat your food, sleep on your couch, and watch your tv, whether you like it or not.  but do not you dare try to stop me- that would be initiation of force!  what a bunch of patently ridiculous nonsense.  if you want to make some psuedo-marxist case against the existence of private property, fine, but do not set yourself up as attacking libertarianism in doing so.  you are attacking the entirety of western civilization, and the laws and mores of the vast majority of the world.  trespassing is not a uniquely libertarian concept.	0.0
i am surprised to see that anger is even considered a rationale for atheism.  is this how theists view atheists?  as angry and hateful towards their god(s)?	0.0
they are still trying to figure out how to backtrack on the southern strategy.  give them a few decades, maybe they will come up for something good for climate change.	1.0
obama has and always was not qualified not progressive not liberal and not going to be a good president.  it will be a long long time if ever will we see somebody liberal or progressive in the whitehouse	0.0
&gt; the last time someone made more than they took was the dawn of civilization.  that is probably not fair, though i agree with the rest of your point and the sentiment entirely.   quantified capitalistically, contributors like salk, curie, whitney, gutenburg, and (i am sure) many others had more of a positive impact on everything than they could have possibly taken/consumed in their time.	0.0
him, and all the other tea party members are a subsidiary of the koch brothers	0.0
they still use coca leaves in it i think.  without the cocaine.	0.0
and that brave, patriotic, pro-life navy seal champion's name was albert einstein.	1.0
what in the how do you fuck is this.	0.0
let me get this straight:  &gt;cope's challenge [pdf] states that the teaching of evolution amounts to an excessive government entanglement with religion  and violates the rights of christian parents.	
has anyone told them the pope accepts evolution as a scientifically valid theory?   has anyone told them it is not just this pope, but john paul ii as well?    are they suggesting that catholics should ignore the pope?   are they suggesting that catholics who follow the pope are not good christians?   are they suggesting the current pope and his predecessor are not good christians? 	0.0
those are very common attributes, you should be a proud american.	1.0
 when you destroy relationships for a team, or when you neglect your families friends and neighbors for the team-you waste the day .  are you really this crazy?  i think i speak for a lot of people when i say, most of the games i watch are with friends, family and yes, even neighbors - we invite eachother over and enjoy the day together.  your mind is extremely clouded and irrational.	0.0
it can contribute to the national debt if congress ever pays back over  number .  number  trillion it has pilfered from the trust fund.  that payback would then show up on the current debt account.	0.0
if he came back, most of the populous would not believe it was him, even if he said so himself.  because we are such a different people from  number  years ago!  our core values are different.  racism, gay rights, politics, rich vs.  poor, more religions than anyone can count...  we have been divided in so many big ways that everyone has huge opinions on...	0.0
 demand that this president leave town, to get out, to put the koran down, to get up off his knees, and to figuratively come up with his hands out.    he is saying this about a president that i voted for, along with  number , number , number  of my fellow americans, not even a year ago.  he is saying this about a president who is trying to push through legislation that i feel is necessary, if we are ever going to improve on our current healthcare system.  he is saying this about the freely elected president of the united states of america.  and,  number % of the population eats it right up.  god help us.	1.0
 i will go back to supporting gay marriage after i finish pandering to wyoming troglodytes for votes.  	0.0
hey guys.   apparently this article meant what it seems and we should all vote it down.	1.0
another related article.   lite	0.0
at the same time do not forget the party who is living hood rich by taking out as many credit cards as possible and maxing them....  both parties are retarded.	0.0
the percentage you raised debt in absolute terms is meaningless and misleading.  it is easy to see why this fails if you replace  debt  with  income .  imagine reagan's gets a huge  number % raise going from $ number , number /yr to $ number , number /yr, while obama's only gets a meager  number % raise going from $ number , number /yr to $ number , number /yr.  if obama was as good as reagan and got a  number % raise he would be making $ number , number /yr.  comparing spending or debt to gdp is more legitimate.  as a percentage of gdp, obama is spending more than reagan.  as a percentage of gdp, debt increased by about  number % under  number  years of reagan.  under obama has already exceeded that.  see graphs below:  [spending to gdp percentage]() also, notice before fdr and the new deal, federal spending was about  number .  number % gdp except during wars.  since ww number  is has averaged about  number %.  [~~spending to debt~~ debt to gdp percentage]()  also, reagan was working with a democrat controlled house, so the situation was basically reversed of what it is today with regard to spending.  finally, saying that because republicans have increased debt they cannot criticize democrats for doing it is wrong and dangerous thinking.  the parties change every year as values change and politicians get replaced.	0.0
til- pravda does not know what defines a communist.   (though in the old days, a communist was whatever the party said it was )	0.0
scumbags.  as with all religions, this one will die one day.  my only regret is that i will likely not be alive to see that day.	0.0
support for legalizing has risen significantly in the last three years, and the  number  election was problematic because younger people who are more likely to vote for marijuana legalization tend to only vote during the federal elections cycle.  there may have been other problems with it, but the two i mentioned we are probably the most prominent issues.	0.0
the funny thing is he thinks he is helping.	1.0
just finished listening, it was pretty interesting.  i love keller, although i have to say he did not push hard enough on what sounded a bit like a kind of slippery sophistry coming from epstein: appealing to beauty in trying to define what beauty is, assuming there is a place  where we are going,  etc.  it seemed like he did this the whole time.	0.0
funny how the private sector and the wealthy are literally the goose that lays the golden egg.... the source of revenue for all the wonderful social programs that the left deems so indispensable for a humane society..... and yet, the left seems utterly impervious, if not downright hostile, to the health and well-being of said goose.  i have said it before and i will say it again: the most effective social program ever devised is a paying job in the private sector.  it costs tax-payers nothing.... and it produces tax revenue for gov't.  private enterprise has lifted literally hundreds of millions of chinese and indians out of poverty just in the last  number  years.  think what it could do in america if it were not drowning in tax and regulatory over-kill.	0.0
on the plus side though, maybe this will drastically reduce the number of people who comment on youtube.	0.0
i am just hoping he will get center to right catholics to think.	0.0
i just moved out of pa to ny and i have never been happier.  i have lived in pa my whole life and i cannot believe how crazy it is getting.	0.0
as minority populations grow in texas, republicans solidify their position as the anti minority party.   they really do not think about the long term do they?	0.0
virginia is a deep south state.  the fact that the governor, lt.  governor and both state senators are all democrats.  well, that should definitely say something right?	0.0
no, it is the holy spirit teaching you.  having the bible is a big plus.  &gt; john  number   number  if ye love me, keep my commandments.  number  and i will pray the father, and he shall give you another comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;  number  even the spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; *for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. *	0.0
people have confirmation bias.   i doubt too many people will rush to embrace the change of view with new information.   however, if this law succeeds, in twenty years or fewer it will be like social security and medicare-very difficult to touch without severe backlash and almost impossible to abolish.	0.0
with both sides assuming that the other is too ignorant to understand anything that is happening in the world there is no potential for constructive discourse.  people who complain about biased media are forgetting that this is one of its hallmarks, and allowing yourself to get caught up in this is what drives their ratings.  if you know your shit either run for office or support a candidate who does.	0.0
i wish the purge was a thing.  i really really do.	0.0
elid: why does washington want boeing there if they pay no taxes?  the people they employ?	0.0
i have not read zerohedge in years, but i remember they promised apocalyptic market crashes that should have happened years ago.	0.0
the science vs religion thing kills me.  you believe in religion and accept scientific reasoning.  they are not mutually exclusive and have varying degrees of belief and acceptance.  i almost lost a friend a couple years ago after a day of drinking ending up in a discussion on god.  she accused me of choosing to  believe  in science and said (hopefully just arguing the other side) that she thinks evolution is bullshit.  we are still good friends but hopefully will never discuss god again.	0.0
how do you look reasonable when you refuse to vote on a bill the senate submitted on friday that would have averted shutdown?	0.0
yes i would agree their faith is just as earnest as ours, but like the article said, the theology of mormonism is very different from main stream christianity and is cleverly worded on the surface to look alike, but deep down in the specifics, mormonism and most main line christian church theology is very different.  so i would not call it exclusivity, if the president of the lds church said himself that he wants christians outside of the lds to come and change  their jesus .  i do not think that will help, but maybe it will.  love to keep talking about it with you.	0.0
the shutdown is not keeping them from going bankrupt.  that will happen around oct  number th at current spending.	0.0
he is no mark warner but he is also no cuccinelli.	1.0
i think you mean people that they will be hiring in a few years.	1.0
awesome scene, but i think it would be much better if she skipped the  i believe in science and evolution  part and went straight into the  i cannot get behind a supreme being who...   science is not a belief  and although some christians do deny science it is not nearly as common as using religion to justify horrible things and condemn people for not being christian.	0.0
i am not sure what is worse, the policies that have kept the economy stifled for so long, or the unwavering support of those policies by those who are being hurt the most by them.	0.0
from the article:  &gt; while there is a possibility that this administrator would have similarly overreacted had the employee worn a george w.  bush mask...  bwaaaaaah ha ha haaaaah ha ha hee ho ho ooooh.  whew.  good one.	1.0
what a fraud.  fire damaged goods with a personal story that is irrelevant.  you know: under most trading laws you need to be able to prove claims you make.  if you cannot prove that this is  divinely destroyed  then you are violating those laws.  good luck with that.	1.0
what i want to know, what has he down that  number % of people approve of?	1.0
sounds like the democrats too.	0.0
legalized or decriminalized?	0.0
which begs the question if any of their republican friends asked their help in undermining the web site?   i would not put it past the gop, they have done everything else.	0.0
i posted about this too.   here are my thoughts:  it is being portrayed as some sort of gaff by rand paul, but i do not think that is what happened at all.  mcconnell straight up tells paul that he is wired up, so i think that everything rand paul says was meant to be heard.  what do you guys think?  am i giving them too much benefit of the doubt?  does it sound like they are ready to cave, or do you think they are speaking of pulling back to a delay of the individual mandate from the starting point of defunding?	0.0
hey, i am all for this, but damn...  when i read the headline, i thought they we are going to expand medicare to cover everyone and get rid of the convoluted aca stuff.	0.0
she is batshit crazy and has already reversed her position.  source:wral, on the reversal.  source on batshit crazy is widely held opinion in nc.	0.0
i agree with that now, and i agreed with it when i was an atheist.	0.0
why in the ever loving fuck is this formatted the way it is.  just link the clip, man.	0.0
are you my mummy?	0.0
&gt;but its ideals of freedom of speech, freedom of religion, and tolerance are closer to america's ideals than any other country's in its region.  last time i checked, destroying palestinian villages and seizing their land for israeli use was not a definition of tolerance or religious freedom.	1.0
the evangelical right made a pact with the republican party, for better or for worse, and now it needs to fulfill that pact until the bitter end or loses its political voice permanently.   [from the new republic:]()  *american party coalitions are heterogeneous, but they endure as along as the different groups find more agreement with each other than with the opposition.  after republicans won back the congress in  number , they developed a political strategy to hold their coalition together.  many people contributed to the strategy including newt gingrich, karl rove, paul coverdell, paul weyrich, and ralph reed, but the chief architect was probably grover norquist, a political operative who, along with rove and reed, came of age in the early reagan years.  the strategy was based on creating an alliance between business, which had sometimes divided its loyalties between republicans and democrats, and the array of social and economic interest groups that had begun backing republicans. *  *in weekly meeting held on wednesdays at the office of his americans for tax reform, norquist put forth the idea that business groups, led by the you. s.  chamber of commerce and the national federation of independent business (nfib), but also including the specialized trade associations, should back socially conservative republican candidates, while right-to-life or gun rights organizations should back tax cuts and deregulation.  what would bind the different parts together was a common opposition to raising taxes, which norquist framed in a pledge he demanded that republican candidates make.  business could provide the money, and the single-issue and evangelical groups the grassroots energy to win elections. *	0.0
using batkid to divert attention from the black eye that was the obamacare roll out.... low.	0.0
&gt;losing there healthcare  ...  \**[twitch](. gif)*\*	0.0
what the hell happened here?	0.0
i heard you like websites.	0.0
i am always shocked that people care about this (of all things) during every christmas season.  what a checkout person says to me has absolutely zero to do with how jolly my christmas is and it makes me wonder about those for whom its an issue  edit: grammar	0.0
the blame obviously goes to rand paul, but it is weird that his book editor and the washington post editor did not catch the plagiarism.   is not that a pretty big part of what an editor is?	0.0
people with negative personal history will take advantage of the easy fix of saying they found religion.	0.0
allen west rails on obama, cnn drops morgan, and the goverment shutdown.  this is a great week!	1.0
it was always burning since the world's been turning	0.0
this.   notice that muslims in developed countries do not do this kind of stuff with nearly as much frequency.   muslims in the third world are violent and intolerant bigots.   much like, you know, everyone else.  people tend to make false causal relationships between islam and violence, when what they should be looking at is *poverty* and violence.	0.0
i do not think stealing shite from a latrine counts as plagiarism.	1.0
i am pretty sure that no one takes that guy seriously	0.0
i would love to see every walmart employee go on strike  number  minutes before black friday opening.  then watch as all the greedy consumers burn the place to the ground.  capitalism at its finest.	1.0
then you are going to get kicked out of the tea party and the moral majority and the american family association and pat robertson will call a hurricane right down on your ass	1.0
to be fair, these are two businesses at microsoft which are hemorrhaging money.  while they may have other ancillary benefits, i think it is fair for a company to look at parts of its business which are in the red and decide to cut its losses.  that being said, i think selling the xbox business would be a mistake.	0.0
i understand their strategy.   a painful government shutdown puts a ton of pressure on boehner.   if it is made less painful, then boehner could keep the stalemate up even longer.	0.0
schools where i live (alabama) let out.  hell, even my college let out.	0.0
well let me tell you...	1.0
these questions we are terrible...	0.0
i cut down on this by not friending six thousand people and periodically deleting people i have not had any interaction with in over six months.  not that their shit is not broken and needs work done, but in the meantime, you can reduce some of the bullshit.	0.0
welcome black  ftfy	1.0
not that i have a problem with the message, but al sharpton is not the sort of person i want fighting my fights	0.0
as a conservative: morality and economics do not and should not mix...	0.0
i think the article is too vague and not specific enough.  social programs are and have been widely available.  i do not believe the lack of programs are to blame.  i also do not think poverty is to blame because children poor children from poverty areas do excel.  it is the breakdown of social values and the family support unit.  children from homes that promote education can and do succeed.  we have a cultural problem with education.  we expect everyone to be high achievers and work white collar jobs making very high wages.  i like what mike rowe promotes, that college is not for everyone and that you can succeed without a college education.  college is not for everyone.  people with less than a high school education can build a solid life.  please do not misunderstand, social programs are important, but social programs have failed to universally improve the areas the article addresses.  we need a new not a tired old strategy.  again, social programs are important and needed, but social programs will not solve the problems with education.  one footnote, i think teachers unions get a bad reputation because they are set up to protect and advantage labor over the education of students, that fact cannot be denied.  their first mission is to promote the welfare of the teacher.   when they protect bad teacher's, they get (but do not deserve) the reputation they get.  i cringe when i see a teachers union spokesperson talk about how high quality education is their number one goal, when everyone knows the number one goal is to enhance the welfare of the union members.  people can spin the goals of teachers unions with talking points all day.  they need to be genuine.  even the children know the unions are disingenuous at times.	0.0
i read that in joey mousepad's voice, except saying  intragnisent .	0.0
what is great about this is obama is really calling him to the mat.  if a vote we are called and did not pass it would legitimize the gop bs.  if it passes boehner is finished.  obama is basically telling boehner to bet his career.  love it.	0.0
bull fucking shit.  these police, to many police, are out of control.  there are serious dangerous problems in this in every way possible.	0.0
to be honest, as a biracial person (black dad, white mom) living in the midwest, i have never encountered any bigotry unique to my circumstance.  most of the time i am treated just like any other person, but when i do encounter racism, i am just treated like any other black person.  never met a racist with a special brand of racism just for me.  of course, that is not to say that they do not consider the origins of my conception and are repulsed by the thought...	0.0
sheldon adelson is, unfortunately, a you. s.  citizen, although he probably should not be considering his real allegiance is to the state of israel.	1.0
as a current mainer, i want to point out that angus is usually the most calm, composed, well-spoken person.  when i read what he apparently said, i was shocked.  i had to read it again because i did not believe that it was him who said it.  i have never seen him say anything that passionate.  it was touching.  :-)	0.0
 what we are also discovering is that insurance is complicated to buy.    -- obama  number   ....  reminds me of .....   shovel-ready was not as shovel-ready as we expected...    -- obama  number   this is why many of us railed against him from the beginning - he was, and remains, completely out of his league from a basic knowledge and experience perspective.   he is not bright enough, not experienced enough, not intelligent enough and certainly not humble enough to understand and **respect** what he and his cohorts do not know.   the administration as a whole acts like the classic first-year grad students who have this sudden epiphany about the utter simplicity of a solution to a long-standing problem that many others have attempted, and failed, to fix.   but it turns out that grad student, more often than not, simply does not have enough experience and/or understanding of the true nature of the problem to even begin to propose a solution, and concludes with nothing but a mess on the whiteboard.  i find, as a conservative by nature, that i tend to hold back on broad promises, boastful solutions, and glamorous statements about fixing things until i have had time to sit and brood and analyze and assess and seek guidance and input from others.   that has served me well in not looking like an asshole.   obama might want to try that some time.	0.0
koch: $ number  million?  one moment, let me fetch my change purse.	1.0
&gt;congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion; or preventing the free exercise thereof...  you can practically *smell* those  biblical principles , amirite?	1.0
a ceo?  one ceo?  who?	0.0
if he wants to keep it secret, the word would not get out.	1.0
oh my god what a headache listening to her!  you know what though?  we are going to hear this same stuff from republicans for the next few weeks.  it is a  serious investigation  they are undertaking...  presented by miss south carolina.	1.0
she is a reformist, not a revolutionary	0.0
no surprise, extreme hypocrisy is the hallmark of the political left.	0.0
i think this sample size is shit.	0.0
&gt; or he knows it was a huge lie which means he is a complete piece of shit.  i am going to go with this.	0.0
do not forget the burden that eating fast food habitually puts on taxpayers.	1.0
for what?	0.0
regina, saskatchewan.  as of wednesday we lost after getting as many people out to vote against privatized water treatment as voted for the mayor in the last election.  it is a tough fight out there.	0.0
so the article is saying my generation is down to earth and the previous generation is to superstitious  it is clear; from now on, i should make all important decisions in our family, because clearly i am way more rational, exactly what i have been saying since i was  number  years old	1.0
i like how everyone seem to whine about how horrible it is that apple may have to adapt to the real world, while nobody seem to realize the  number .  number  mm audiojack is huge and useless without being standardized via law.	0.0
part of me thinks that reducing this stock of ivory will increase prices.  they should sell it and use the money to better equip anti poaching agencies, but then this would probably lead to much more poaching by corruption.	0.0
they would probably drop through the floor if men were not permitted to drive instead.	0.0
is it plagiarism if they ghost wrote the book for him in the first place?	1.0
as someone else from albany, i had say that you have not been paying attention to the backlash that is started.  people are fed up with cuomo, and he is polling in the toilet.  if republicans can come up with a decent candidate, cuomo will not get reelected.	0.0
adjusted for inflation?	0.0
and only  number % of americans in general.  do they know that women make up only  number .  number % of congress?	0.0
i would be more in favor of a flat  number % tax on all income above $ number k usd no deductions or exemptions or credits.	0.0
the health deductible tripled due to ability of health insurers to now charge  number x more for skin bronzers -- ziiiiinggggg, see what i did there	1.0
the antichrist, by nietzsche would be perfect.  i took it to my philosophy of religion class once, and got railed at by a couple students.  oh, such fun times.	0.0
the one true god is  number .  number .  suck on it  number 's!	1.0
yet he still will not give it up...	0.0
one small step for atheists..	0.0
&gt;&gt; it is not radical, its not extreme because we all believe it   that is pretty hilarious... yes you are all radicals.	1.0
happy veterans day!	1.0
believe me, i was furious when our  socialist  (i cannot roll my eyes at that hard enough) president took single payer off the table before anyone even had to ask him to take it off the table.  we should have nationalized healthcare like every other civilized nation on the planet, but apparently my fellow americans just do not want it.  they are barely willing to tolerate the incredibly mild reforms in the aca.  hell, people are furious at the president because their terrible fake insurance is being replaced by cheaper insurance that actually insures them.   but but but you said i could keep eating dirt and paying for the privilege if i wanted!  liar!  liar!   we have been trying for single payer since teddy roosevelt's day, and it got him kicked out of his own party.  this sort of  everything new is pants-pissingly terrifying  mindset is why we still will not use the damn metric system.  as much as i think my country needs single payer, realistically i have to admit that the majority of us apparently do not want it, so i will take whatever petty improvements we can get.	1.0
transparent hucksterism.  and his son has learned well.  ted cruz is the tiger woods of conservative hucksters.	0.0
i am waiting for the silly conservative comments that will say how great this is, and how the  number 's we are a golden time, so our current minimum wage should be more than sufficient.	0.0
she has my vote.	0.0
this is why anti lobbyist law needs to be enacted	0.0
yeah i'am voting chris christie over clinton.  he has fresh ideas when it comes to education and he has this tell it straight persona, dislikes the tea party too.	0.0
i wonder what rob portman would say about that...	0.0
he is obviously making this up.  he may not realize that, though.	1.0
a press release right before a long holiday.  surely this is not an attempt to bury such big change in policy.	1.0
&gt;the first amendment in the bill of rights is in direct opposition to the first commandment of the bible.  even though i knew the first commandment and first amendment, i had never realized this.  this is an awesome argument.	0.0
i have said, and will continue to say, that she would be perfect for the position of president of the world bank.   jim yong kim's term is up in  number , and if the democrats win the presidency in  number  she has to be in consideration.  senator warren has a deep knowledge of the banking system and the effects of loans on people in economic need.  she has to be in consideration, and i think she could do a tremendous amount of good worldwide in that position.	0.0
it should be pointed out that an amendment to obamacare to allow people to buy prescription drugs from outside the us (a campaign promise of barack obama) was proposed (by john mccain of all people) and was killed by democrats in the senate at the behest of the obama whitehouse.  obama actually lobbied to kill his own campaign promise on this issue.	1.0
shocked	1.0
this is such an excellent little sermon, thanks for posting it.  the reformation really is not something to boast about, at least not yet.   and it is far from over.   if we do not think our institutional disunity is a scandal and threatening to our salvation, then we have missed a large part of what jesus is about.	0.0
i totally applaud the sentiment behind this, but i am very confused by the *economics* behind it.  why is it a good idea for, say, a toothbrush or a small child's toy to be manufactured in taiwan, shipped to a canadian distribution centre, trucked to walmart, bought by me, packed into a small box, and then flown to afghanistan?   it does not alleviate structural poverty in afghanistan, it *depresses* any local market in small consumer goods, it is a hugely inefficient way of distributing things, and it assumes that i, a rich, western consumer, am the best person to decide what goods a child in afghanistan really needs.  if the point is to provide goods, why not buy in bulk?   or better yet, invest in long term infrastructure and health improvements?  if you really want to make a difference in the developing world, i recommend following the advice of givewell. org and donating directly to malarial treatment.	0.0
the best comment is the out of place   number / number was an inside job 	0.0
she said she has not seen republicans this happy in years...  and they are irate that the president could do this to our government.  you need some sort of fancy red and blue  number d glasses to simultaneously process both signals into one coherent one.  i really do not know how they do it.	0.0
people who do not understand this are idiots.  you cannot claim your product can diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease unless it has been proven in clinical trials and approved for said use by the fda.  if you go through said process then your product is legally a drug and you can claim it does the things it is approved to treat.  if you are not willing to go through this process then you are making bullshit claims and you need to hire a marketing team that does not have it is head up its own rear.	0.0
amazing!  i remember when i was still just an idea it is great to see how far it is come and done.	0.0
while the amount of respect i have for mark driscoll's teaching is ...  let us call it *small* for the sake of charity...  i think we should treat his followers a little more kindly.   rebuke is a lot more effective if it is not done from a place of contempt.	0.0
$ number  in food stamps (plus wic)!   that is some lavish dining!	1.0
now who is going to have the balls to ask the wh about it??	0.0
well if we did it to them, we woul be in trouble... so let us stir up shit!	1.0
having spent hours in stopped traffic on routes that are  number  miles apart, and watching so many cars with a single rider in them, i think that we need to stretch ourselves a little and devise rail that is going to be faster and better than cars.  i think that we need to tip our hats to the concept that buses are not the same experience as a car or a train - they are usually the equivalent of steerage because they are limited in size and thus cannot offer amenities like snacks or the ability to stretch your legs.  we need to try and understand the costs in a more equal manner - is the cost of building, maintaining, and patrolling our highways built in to any cost comparison when rail is deemed  more expensive ?  or are the costs just less visible to cars, because you are only thinking about the cost of gas to fill your tank?  using federal reimbursement rates, the cost for a  number -mile car trip would be $ number  one-way - that is the estimated cost of gas plus depreciation.  now assume that tolls are a fair approximation of the cost of maintenance of the highway - tolls can be $ number - number  per car for the same trip (including things like bridges).  i just priced a  number -mile route and was quoted $ number  by amtrak.  that means for up to about  number  people, rail is more cost-effective on its face - however that does neglect the cost to get to/from the stations.  it is at least competitive for a party of  number .  the main problem is that the duration of the trip is over  number  hours.  but does it have to be?  why cannot the train go  number  mph?  that would cut travel down to a competitive level.	0.0
i got one of these this morning.  the kid and mother handed it to me with about five words spoken.   we are distributing these to everyone  was the extend of the conversation.  they were not at all interested in discussing anything.  weird.	0.0
&gt; terrorists  i think the historical parallel is  wreckers :  	0.0
obama calls it obamacare.	1.0
another facet of this ridiculous case is that it would set precedent to allow discrimination of customers.  businesses owned by muslims could refuse service to jews, vise versa etc...	0.0
 the environment  ...  another strawman	1.0
&gt; after totaling the electoral votes in all the solid blue states, it becomes apparent that even a below average democrat presidential candidate could begin the race with a whopping  number  advantage,  the author said.   no wonder president (barack) obama was so confident of victory in  number  for he knew the game was practically over before it began.     if this is widely known, should we not conclude that any pollster who predicted a romney landslide must have been quite ill-informed and perhaps even criminally incompetent?	0.0
increase the sample size to the last twenty five terms.	0.0
what they said last time.	0.0
if i am not mistaken, members of congress have constitutional immunity for things done/said on the floor of congress, or while in the exercise of their official duties.  so, never.  they can say whatever they like, but would have to actually break a specific law in order to be arrested.	0.0
include the auditors that spoke up against contractor fraud and we will have something.  they got fired or demoted.	0.0
this guy just trolled the hell out of houston.  good job sir.	0.0
hahaha that is good	0.0
side rant:  these are people oppose expanding medicaid to help poor people getting better health care  - that is an actual quote from this article.  it is getting harder and harder to find articles without glaring spelling or grammatical issues these days.  and this is from a professional journalist.	0.0
for conservatives, mike malloy is the michael savage of the left.   he takes no prisoners and makes no compromises with conservatives.   michael savage is just as bad as malloy.	0.0
they had a soul?	1.0
makes me proud to be an aggie....	1.0
a great article.  thanks for sharing.	0.0
[deleted]	0.0
putin deserves it far more than comrade oblowme...	0.0
damn...  that kid can write!	0.0
i just did the opposite.  i had originally moved from ny to az for a job straight out of college.  boy, did i hate az.  awful weather, devoid of interesting culture, and a skeleton of a downtown metro area.  after about two years i gladly moved to co, increasing my cost of living.  i had much rather pay more to live somewhere if it is more worthwhile to me.	0.0
the question is, why do men need wives ?  it is a serious question	0.0
*news flash! *  capitalism.	1.0
it is the same reason  brave new world  is a dystopia.   a world without suffering is one without freedom, without thought, without life.   it is boring.   it would be like the trillion other dead planets in the universe.	0.0
someone's brother-in-law must have just come up with a 'new, radical design' for the uniforms ...	1.0
my real problem with this is that the majority of those  number  were not really voting to send the us into default.  only a total moron would do such a thing, and yes, there we are probably a few of those.  the rest just recognised that the vote would pass with or without them, and so had the freedom to vote against, thereby maintaining their ideological purity at no cost to the nation or consequences for themselves.  they can parade this in front of the same assclowns who voted for them the first time around and ensure their re-election to carry on representing their gerrymandered district next time.  as a demonstration of both flat-out cynicism and the dysfunction inherent in the us political system, it could not really be much more perfect.	0.0
on a side note:  today i learnt  psalm  number  mentioned in this article inspired  by the rivers of babylon  by boney m - which was one of my favorite records many years ago.	0.0
youth uninformed about politics?  since when?!	1.0
what we are seeing here is a coup d'etat by stealth.  the gop is no longer a party with an ideological platform that can convince the masses. it has now resorted to rigging the system in its favor in very undemocratic ways.  strange behaviour for the party that claims to represent true american ideals like democracy.	1.0
 you can only ride our backs for so long before we are going to tell you enough is enough.    facepalm.  i do not get it, all democrats think at their core like a republican, but being democrat is too hip and cool they just cannot see through it.	0.0
surely the costs pile up even with one's head planted firmly under ground.  one would imagine that costs would be better contained whilst one's face we are kept *above* rising inundations, facing what is already upon us.	0.0
love that guy	0.0
+/you/bitcointip  @ username @  $ number  .. and may the little bill grow big and strong.  have some bitcoin wazzel number you, may it grow big and strong as well.	0.0
hey man, i am sure you just missed the memo, but  capitalism  is now defined as the government telling us we have to buy something and then narrowing the definition further, by telling us we do not know what we want and they need to show us.	1.0
christopher hitchens, [ but at least you can fucking die and leave north korea ]( v=ipd number ygghtdk).	0.0
oh, i had march straight into his office, and use words a lot less pleasant than  shit .	0.0
  that statistic seems questionable.  drownings are the number one or two because of deaths for children, at  number  per year.  . php? storyid= number   the report said traffic accidents, followed by drowning, fires and burns, falls, and poisoning, are the five major causes of unintentional injuries.  about  number , number  children under  number  die every year, and millions more children suffer disabling injuries that could have been prevented, says dr.  etienne krug, the director of the department of injuries and violence prevention at who.  note that shootings does not even make the top five.	0.0
even though i agree with the article's general purpose, i cannot take anyone seriously who compares the tea party to jihadists or the taliban.  yeah, they are assholes, but hyperbole does not get you anywhere.  the same goes for anyone who spits the words liberal and socialist out like it is poison.  i went to college and studied political science because i was an idealist who wanted to work for the country, to help craft policy which would improve people's lives.  after getting a real taste of what real politics is like, i lost almost all interest.  thanks assholes!	1.0
do you think there are democrats that would rather default on the nation's debt than repeal the aca?   would you call them out as traitors?	0.0
i mean if obama can win one...	1.0
at first i thought you meant the shape of the highlights.	0.0
i am a youth minister.  to some comments in this thread, i had like to respond.  youth ministry may have been absurd in jesus' day, you are right, it did not exist.  (and it does not exist now- see the andrew root article linked below) neither did adolescence, and neither did the deep nuanced culture our youth find themselves facing every day.  now, it is not our job to prop up or indulge adolescence, quite the opposite.  (andrew root goes into detail on that huge point [here](. pdf)) yes, youth ministry as a segregated congregation of youths that can be fully understood by itself, is not the church.  yes, a youth ministry that is a baby-sitting service, or making church a carnival so the kids will not leave, or making it a funeral so they will not mess up the church with their hijinks, is bad.  yes, like any other part of the church bastardizing the gospel for the ease of those inside or for our own ideas of success, youth can be bad.  but there is a theology of youth ministry, thanks to folks like kenda creasy dean (www. kendadean. com) and  andrew root (www. andrewroot. org) that teaches us how to minister rightly to those adolescents in our congregations.  absolutely i think youth ministry must be intergenerational.  as pastor, i am facilitator of relationships and member of relationships.  youth ministry is not the [one-eared mickey mouse model](. jpg), but firmly placed and integrated with the larger church.  at my church, our youth group acts as small group.  we have our own worship on wednesday, where they learn to lead and create and engage, to find their voice and get content, and contextualize, but we also do everything the greater church does.  taking youth ministry away and assuming that this assimilation will magically happen otherwise because there is no other option is sad for church kids, and disastrous for unchurched kids.  youth ministry is  letting the children come to jesus  i am a pastor at my church who focuses on youth, not a pastor solely for youth.  with someone there to invest in them and relate to them, they have the full access an adult has to someone to disciple them and help them in their journey with god.  someone who has been to seminary, has made this their life's work, not just someone doing it to  help out.   not that that is the end-all, but it is what our adults get, is not it?  my teenagers are equipped, they are within the larger church, they are called to be fully christian, just like adults.  i am not raising diet disciples.  they are given adult mentors from the congregation.  and they are living into that.  also, quick word on things like  divided.   divided comes with a lot of theological baggage and is almost predicated on the idea that the youth minister is a usurper of the father's sovereign power over his family as the male leader.  there are many more informed voices speaking on this subject who will raise better objections and questions, and leave us with better answers.  i agree youth ministry must not become a golden calf, but it absolutely exists because of the way culture has designed itself.  it is human person to human person relationship in christ.  it is not to be just one more problematic segregation in the church, but just because we give it a name does not mean it has to something other than just  ministry.  	0.0
from alabama, race you!	0.0
you guys should just leave us behind.   we are just dragging you down.    we are not going to make it, man.  save yourselves!	1.0
evolution is from the devil, have not you heard?  the idea is to scare kids from even learning about it.	1.0
for more information about an article v convention of states, visit /r/conventionofstates	0.0
cbs.  enough said.	1.0
you know your government is shit when it looks more like a reality tv show than an actual functioning government	0.0
very true.	0.0
&gt; his ambitions involved staggering levels of violence  i am *shocked*.  shocked, i tell you.	1.0
nine?   ha.   perhaps nine willing to say it.   if the others will continue to go along with intentionally harming the us economy without raising an objection, they are complicit as well.	0.0
[relevant sbc article about this:] ()	0.0
that girl was as dumb as a toolbox full of hammers.  she totally ignores the fact that the issues she experiences are exactly the same as mens, and also ignores the fact that there are one handed phones like iphones and the galaxy s mini which solve them.	0.0
do you know what type of salt was used for heat storage?	0.0
i posted this clip here months ago and was downvoted to oblivion.	0.0
i am so happy he is been given enough rope to hang himself.	1.0
this is why his nickname is  handy j.  olsteen..  	1.0
this is what happens when you have superrich with too much capital and not enough investment opportunities.  they create bubbles.	0.0
what would you think about putting up a banner explaining the finer points of upholding freedom of speech and why vandalism or censorship is a detriment to freedom?	0.0
[deleted]	0.0
i think kennedy would have defended bush's iraq invasion.  he escalated eisenhower's advisors to vietnam.  if he was willing to send men to die to fight communism i can easily see him supporting troops going to afghanistan and iraq, assuming he believed the  intelligence  provided to the un by colin powell.	0.0
i really do not get his thinking with this.  he either thought this was actually true, which means he is an utter moron, or he knows it was a huge lie which means he is a complete piece of shit.  either way he looks bad eventually for saying this once the truth comes out so i am not sure what his end game was here.	0.0
i have used a similar service called  can i stream it?   () for awhile.   the real takeaway from these services is that the answer is often  no, you cannot.    my success rate for finding movies is maybe  number / number  and the rate for tv shows is closer to  number %.  as it stands, i have a  number % success rate for movies and closer to  number % rate for tv shows if i just pirate them.   i do not pirate because it is free (it is not -- i pay for services), i pirate because the content is available there at all!	0.0
haha perfect.	0.0
if it works, or you think it will, and you have funding, go for it...... cannot say much else since the details are a little vague	0.0
looks like questions  number  and  number  we are control questions.   who really leaves a religion so you can sin?   if you are that shallow, it would not matter whether you left or not, you would just do it.	0.0
this ^^^ needs to be voted to the top.   the author is just taking a cheap shot.   its the law, of course is going to tell people to sign up for it... no sane person is going to pay a tax to not have it and get nothing, when they can pay for it and actually get some coverage.	0.0
temp agencies in my area are damn near the only way to get any sort of work at all, and even then, you are lucky if the work lasts for a month or two.	0.0
agreed.  there is no reason to put people behind bars unless they are a threat to society.  if they have got a drug *problem*, our tax dollars would be much better spent on their treatment rather than years behind bars where they cost us money rather than contribute tax dollars.	0.0
but-but the rapture!	1.0
&gt; either the judges are intentionally incompetent or corrupt, or both.  last line of the article -  &gt; lodsys can be sure it will continue to draw judge gilstrap as long as it files its cases in marshall, texas.  the other judge who considers patent cases filed there is us district judge leonard davis; but since judge davis' son william  bo  davis is lodsys' lawyer, the company's cases will all be redirected to gilstrap. &gt;	0.0
to play devil's advocate ..  i do not see helping people and voting for particular government social programs or some tax as analogous.	0.0
or: things not to say in prison.  my friend just got out of federal prison and he likes this show.  he says the petty bureaucratic and stupid interpersonal fuckups are well-done.  overblown and fictionalized but well done.  (and that she stands out too much.  by saying shit like this. )	0.0
i think the republicans make a fatal error when they do not take in to account, human nature.  when you tell people they cannot vote, they are sure to show up in droves.	1.0
i think that aspect of the verse lacks punch because:   number .  ordinary people make great sacrifices all the time.   number .  god can just snap his fingers and do or undo anything, so if his pie is burning, it is hard to feel sorry for him.   number .  if we start talking about the trinity in this context our brains will melt.  so i think it is hard to get hopped up on this verse.  it reminds me of cases where a christian has announced that christ's sacrifice was the greatest possible because crucifixion is the worst thing possible that can happen to anyone.  i can name a few things that i would gladly submit to crucifixion in order to avoid.  hint: mary endured one of those.  tl;dr: adam is trying to start a circle jerk.	0.0
the post talked about questions to conservatives.  why did you change the topic to refer to 'reasonable people?	1.0
yes i would.	0.0
yeah, that  number  million number seemed wrong.  ca has about  number  million uninsured, so  number  million would be a crazy portion for the first day. the guy says that he misinterpreted when someone else told him  number  million.  i am guessing someone told him  number  million page views and he did not know the difference between page views and unique visitors.	0.0
outstanding article.	0.0
my friends just showed me one of these the other day - apparently he got stopped on the street by debating converter.	0.0
it most definitely is.  how could it be construed as *not* some form of terrorism?  they are holding the very interests of america hostage until they get their demands met.  they are willing to let the economy crash and for americans (of course, minus the *wealthy* americans) suffer until they get their demands met.  i hope that history and americans are wise enough to judge these people as what they are: traitors.  in every sense of the word.  they have turned their backs on their country's best interests, their constituents, the history of america and are abusing their positions to kowtow to the needs of the wealthy exclusively.  that *is* terrorism.  i have said it before and i will say it again: the gop has done more damage to america than *any* terrorist organization in our lifetimes.  yes, al qaeda had caused more life loss but the gop has ruined the lives of millions of people and *continue* by fighting exclusively for the wealthy and corporations, taking food from the mouths of the need, the elderly, the young.... and the more damage they do, the more pride they seem to take in it.  jesus, i wish we could split the country into two separate nations.  i had love to see how long the poor fools of gop land last after they become enslaved to corporations and the rich.  there *would* be slavery again, without doubt, there would be a nation of  number % impoverished all struggling to help make profits for the  number % of the wealthy.  fuck the gop.  and fuck the uneducated, uninformed people who cling to the  both sides are the same  mantra.  you understand absolutely nothing about politics, the economy, history or anything else that has to do with what is going on right now in america.	1.0
where do you people live that you get visits from evangelicals so many times in such a short span of time?  i have lived in the south much of my life, and i think i have been accosted a total of five times, ever, all with years in between.  at least three of those five we are while walking through a college campus.   only two we are door knocks.	0.0
folks just have to understand that this is not an isolated incident, he just got stupid and got caught.  this is the reason why the sc overturning the districting portions of the vra is so wrong.	0.0
this is what you get when republicans control your state legislature.	0.0
i do not know enough about climatology to confirm nor deny.  that being said, i know i do not like pollution.	0.0
[kitzmiller v.  dover area school district](. _dover_area_school_district), ruled in the united states district court for the middle district of *pennsylvania*, ruled that bringing intelligent design into the classroom constituted an endorsement of religion under the [endorsement test]() and the [lemon test]().  surely this policy would fail for the same reasons.	0.0
that should fire up them liberals.  possibly allow many people, who never see pro-conservative ads due to mainstream media, see things in a new light.	0.0
ronald reagon is the man!	0.0
[deleted]	0.0
wait a second,   number % of men think that its okay to visit an adult website .  why would not it be okay?  what does this have to do with divorce?	0.0
nice budget pc there.	1.0
i really tried hard not to laugh out loud at this at work.   i did not succeed.	0.0
i read that thing awhile back..  really blows stuff out of proportion.	0.0
pretty misleading.  during normal government operation a priest, rabbi, imam etc that is not a contracted employee is not allowed on military bases to hold religious ceremonies.  same rules apply here.  during the shutdown they if they are furloughed they are not employees, so they have to follow the same rules as everyone else.  they are also not allowed to operate as volunteers under  number  usc    number  (the antideficiency act).	0.0
i almost sent this article to a friend of mine that is very pro microsoft.  i read the article.  i did not send the article.  this article is not well written.	0.0
this is an extraordinarily serious moment, one that deserves not to get lost in our pop culture milieu.  look, look at what we have leading us.  whom.  why does wall street support obama?  is their collective compensation increasing ....  or decreasing?  are they at risk of being unable to feed a hungry infant?  look at massive health insurance companies, their premiums doubling while those in government squabble about website coding.  are they making more or less filthy lucre?  are their executives at risk of being unable to feed a hungry child?  oil companies?  same, and no risk.  so while millions of working poor ...  with the emphasis on working ...  as in why should they be poor in a rich country ....  while working.  before we even get to those unable to find work.  there will be real fear afoot, hunger.  deprivation for untold millions of children, their families.  while others ignore their plight.  if obama was the 'leftist' or 'liberal' he is accused of being ...  this could never happen.  yet, as per the reportage, it is about to happen.  what a disgrace in a wealthy country that the 'fat' that gets cut takes the food out of the mouths of children...	0.0
tl;dr  will not be seen in /r/libertarian	0.0
i wonder if the parents are the kind of people who worry about 'liberal reeducation camps', because the irony would be hilarious.	1.0
there are a lot projects like this to push various agendas on wikipedia.  some of them conservative others liberal.	0.0
destroy america.  profit.  win.  what is wrong with that?	1.0
 so say we all.   would be a lot better.  it is cool and it promotes troop solidarity.	0.0
do not you love that they also gave themselves millions in farm subsidies for their own agri-corp farms.  not their districts, themselves.  my tp congressman voted yes to it while voting to cut food stamps.  he does not get the subsidies but he was part of the shutdown so i give him a hard time about it.	1.0
what happens when automation in that industry becomes cheaper?	0.0
i was very proud to be in mr.  michaud's congressional district during undergrad and i am very much looking forward to having him as governor of maine.  when he was my congressman i did not even know about his sexual orientation.  it never even occurred to me to look into it.  why?  because he is a leader.  i want him to be a good leader.  i do not need him to be a good lover, i do not need him to be someone who is into the same things in the bedroom that i am.  i do not care if he shares my sexual preferences or not - i genuinely do not care.  i want him to be good at his job, and to advocate for a legislative platform that would benefit his constituents, period.  anything else is a distraction.  from his record so far, i know that he will make an outstanding governor, certainly better than that clown angus king.	0.0
 atheist winter holiday gift exchange  - this cracks me up.	1.0
i do not think the pope is invoking his religious beliefs in making his statements.... he is simply stating the obvious.... the banks and wall st.  own &amp; contol our goverment.... and if your really honest with yourself you will realize they own our lives as well.... what we are payed, what hours we will work,  ect, ect,....... look at the black friday videos.. that has not christmas shopping... those are people desperate for a little piece of the old american dream.... cheap products from our new masters in china	0.0
that was unnecessarilly neat to watch.  and pretty smooth considering it was sony's engineering director, and not someone that has to do this on a daily basis.	0.0
what the flying fuck.  imagine if a video like this but with pledges towards george w.  bush was shown back when he was in office; there may just be a riot and people demanding the person who made the video to step down!	0.0
you do not say?	1.0
agreed.   i am glad dems did not cave in further as well, but this shit is how the overton window keeps shifting.  reps keep making extreme demands, so much so that status quo policies start to seem like democrat victories.    while we may have averted disaster, democrats won nothing on policy here.	0.0
get a camera, catch the person who is throwing soup on your poster, and then throw soup at them.   on video, please.	0.0
who the hell would ever allow these people to adopt in the first place??  are not there any sort of follow ups after the child has been released to the parents?  god damn these religious nuts (no pun intended)	0.0
when i see larry flynt i am always disappointed he is not woody harrelson.	0.0
the website being broken is not even the biggest problem.   the biggest problem is that *the law is fundamentally flawed*.   even if the website was working properly, people would still be getting their hours cut at work and kicked off their existing plans.  this is only the beginning of the shit show.   we have not even entered the second act yet.	1.0
reads like an invitation to make top brass complain.	0.0
ah.  i have adblock, but am presently getting 'trending' items for the top few bits of my newsfeed.  one of your obscure friends mentioned mustard?  mustard is trending, here is that friend's post, followed by a post by french's that you did not want to see!  example in my newsfeed right now?  buffalo, new york is trending.  timothy xxxx and  number  others (who i am not friends with / fans of - a few newspapers, and other random pages) posted about it.  followed by tim's excited buffalo bills post, and a post from bernadette peters (who? ) telling me that she is performing with the buffalo philharmonic orchestra tomorrow night.  it is terribly irritating.	0.0
christians cannot be republicans either, but you do not see that affecting them.   jesus was all about helping the poor, giving out free healthcare, and kicking the moneychangers out of the temple.   he was also pretty cool with taxes, very anti-war, and non-judgemental.  does not seem to stop christians any from supporting the political party that is completely anti-jesus.	1.0
because that gives the minority party an even bigger incentive to force budget bills to fail?	0.0
i do not know if i am happy for being on the side that was right, or sad because the rest of america is oblivious to the truth?	0.0
[deleted]	0.0
great article.  does not matter if the writer was black or not, everything he said was accurate.	0.0
i love this clip sooo much, because she just nails it!  :d i smile every time.	0.0
fuck that, expand!  how do you think the financial crisis did not turn into another great depression?  almost the entire world uses dollars as their peg / reserve currency.  what the us says is reality becomes reality.  the necessary step we need to take next is colonizing the moon and mars.	0.0
this is how the grey goo begins.	0.0
you are using stereotypes to fight racism.  bravo	1.0
 money does grow off trees, right?   -liberal	1.0
sorry, i cannot really see what it says.  could you tell me?	0.0
do not forget the good news:  number % of those surveyed we are atheist!	1.0
sources say no.  but i hope it is!	0.0
cannot dispute any of it.	0.0
this guy is poisonous.  an idiot with barely passable video production skills.  why the hell is anyone listening to his bullshit?	0.0
if only we could elect a constitutional lawyer to our highest office, then we would be set.  thanks obama!	1.0
hope is not a strategy.	0.0
how does one  cash out  bitcoins?  say if i had some, and wanted the appriate amount in the currency of my country, how does that happen?	0.0
&gt;contrary to the teachings of some faiths, atheists can express love.  atheists love their spouses and children.  they experience awe and wonder.  they appreciate beauty.  they enjoy literature and poetry.  atheists who are materialists are not dry machines of logic, devoid of compassion.  they simply believe all the wonder in life is part of how the natural universe works.  i wish he would have added that saying these things are just god working through the atheists is sanctimonious and rude.	0.0
&gt;we explore how neuroscience and religion should inform and enrich each other, 	
getting that nausea feeling right about there...	
&gt; as a neuroscientist, i know that the human mind has a material basis, and that may because even more cognitive dissonance for people	
ok, so he is an atheist?	
&gt;one of klemm's goals for the course is to show students that science and theology do not have to contradict each other.	
so this is a course in apologetics.  must be a dirty word since he does not mention it.	
&gt; i am hoping that the students learn to be more introspective, open minded and mature about their spirituality, 	
maybe mature enough to stop believing in a supreme and invisible father/mother figure?	
&gt;dr.  donnalee dox, director of the texas a&amp;m religious studies program in the college of liberal arts.   the relationship between science and religion is an up and coming field, and i am very excited about this class.  	
this sounds like discovery institute crap.	
&gt;speaking to the bims majors in the class, she noted that the study of religion has more grey areas than they might be used to in some of their other courses, and advised trying to accept those ambiguities.	
faith in faith  	
&gt;klemm and dox have also submitted a pre-proposal to the templeton foundation to enhance the course and to develop an academic discipline around the theme of  belief neuroscience,  with an emphasis on why humans - religious and otherwise - believe things even with incomplete evidence.	
[i knew it...  creationism. ]() 	0.0
it is an old [nabataean]() unit, equivalent to the amount of data you can carve into a cliff.	0.0
they are in the banking industry - it goes without saying.	0.0
subcontracting and temp agencies are kill wages in this country.  the company could pay more if it was not paying several layers of management in other companies instead of the end worker.	0.0
george stephanopolous did call him out on it yesterday on  this week .  boehner just ignored the question and talked about something else.  right around the  time  mark, it starts to get extra infuriating:  	0.0
let me get this straight.....  so steve wynn starts a company, employs a bunch of people, lays some of them off and now he is no longer a job creator?   so that business would just magically exist and employ people if he had not started it?   i am not saying that guys like him are not greedy or assholes, but let us not be disingenuous here.   regardless of whether or not they have altruistic intentions, guys like him still employ more people than if they had not started their companies to begin with.  wynn is a bad example for  corporate greed  as he is an example of someone who has actually built something from nothing.   he does not owe a single job to anyone.   he employs people to help him make money.	1.0
the ironic thing about christie is that liberals like him because he is nice to obama, and conservatives hate him for the same reason.	1.0
patriotism?  we are christians, not patriots.  i love all of humanity, not just 'murica.	1.0
&gt; believers are more likely to say that god has significant power over weather and disasters.    no shit, sherlock.  it is like saying that people who eat meat are more likely to eat a hamburger than are vegetarians/vegans  edit: formatting	1.0
humans are a social animal.  social animals function primarily as groups rather than as individuals.  therefore, any ideology that puts the individual first is not only an aberration in terms of future survival of the group, and ultimately the species, but it is logically incorrect as well.	0.0
stossel is a piece of rancid cat shyte.  here's a good rule of thumb for what should be privatized and what should not.    if you want to control the outcome of a given situation, then socialization is the way to go.    the whole raison d'etre for private enterprise is to make money, not provide whatever outcome you desire.  let us use the example of a sewage system.  the outcome you want is basic sanitation for obvious reasons. now, you can give that job to government, where the entire enterprise is set up to provide the service without having to make a profit.   if you give that job to private business, their entire purpose is to make money.    making money takes precedence over providing the service.    one of the primary ways to make money for the private enterprise is to not provide the service.  so when the outcome matters, it is best to pool our resources as a society and bring down the price of the outcome we desire.  stossel and other conservatives ignore/reject this simple concept in the vague hopes that someone will be able to take more money from the american taxpayer than the government would in taxes to provide the service in the mistaken belief that privitazation generates more economic growth.    which even if true, does not negate that  if privatization works so great, where are the all too obvious examples?    halliburton is not exactly a poster child for spending taxpayer dollars efficiently, is it?   the guys who lost their radioactive fracking waste along a texas highway?   the ones who said there is no reason to hold down costs because they;re all passed onto taxpayers?	0.0
imagine if schools spent $ number  million on education.	1.0
is this censorship?   no.   cowardice?   yes.   pathetic?   yes.   indicative of a worthless group of shills?   yes.   censorship, though?   not so much.	0.0
you cannot fixed stupid.	1.0
better yet, do not cap contributions.  i suspect it would add more than  number  years to the solvency.	0.0
it is a novel way to  balance your budget .   appropriate for spending and then just not pay the bill.	1.0
we do this every year at my church.  last year my class sent  number  boxes.  this year the church is planning on sending out  number , number .	0.0
chrome seems to be minimalistic for the sake of being minimalistic, its almost as annoying as the super pushy tie-in to google 'services'.  to me ff is where it is at.	0.0
alas, i know not enough geology to properly refute this.  instead of researching this myself i am going to assume they are right.  pack it up guys, we have been disproven :(	1.0
the tea party is the greatest gift to long term liberal wins ever	0.0
i have been listening to the proceedings as much as i can.  both sides have problems but the republicams have one glaring issue that nobody is pointing out.  they are not coming up with new arguments, rather they are taking every argument made by the democrats and using the same words to accuse back across the aisle.  it is a childish schoolyard game of  i know you are but what am i?    one example: it was said the republicans we are holding the government hostage.  today i heard a republican say democrats we are holding jobs hostage.  this all seems to me to be a highly engineered scheme by a faction to wreck havoc on the federal government.  the tea party types want an anarchy and that is what they are on their way to creating.  i would hope if this petition is our only way out from under boehner's gavel, that the  number  day option applies to this situation rather than the  number  day version.	0.0
let us start with mandatory drug testing.   that will inspire some people like this gal to get a job so they can buy drugs with no penalty.	1.0
moderate democrats are important for us to hold majorities and allow procedural votes to move forward.  i live in a moderate district, supporting a moderate democrat gives us a chance, rather than the congressman i have now who likes to jump naked in the sea of galilee.	1.0
the  number - number  shutdown is cited at the end of this article.    according to the wiki page, the military was not even included in that  shutdown   	0.0
are they always that wide?  ours are pretty narrow, about half the width, i had say.	0.0
gop grand plan.  sabotage, or just straight up break the system, then bitch about how it is broken.	0.0
well, whether the government does anything or not, that percentage is likely to go down eventually...	1.0
the doctor who wrote this article provides several heartbreaking examples of her past patients that show the emergency room solution is no solution at all.  fta:  &gt;... the emergency medical treatment and labor act (emtala), which states that hospitals with emergency rooms have to accept and stabilize patients who are in labor or who have an acute medical condition that threatens life or limb.  that word stabilize  is key: hospital ers do not have to treat you.  they just have to patch you up to the point where you are not actively dying.  also, hospitals charge for er care, and usually send patients to collections when they cannot pay.	
the disregard of the poor by the likes of cruz is shameful.   it is past time for a universal system. 	0.0
okay...  i want to get back to reading this man.  i am feeling so spiritually apathetic lately, but back when i was reading the great divorce, screwtape letters, and mere christianity, i did not feel like this.  is there some online resource anyone could recommend?  or even just a complete list of his works?	0.0
who gets the money and how do you determine when they do not get anymore money?	0.0
ugh i hate how they act like they care about veterans day	0.0
i love the idea but no one in dc would ever let this happen.   this would be a direct tax on everyone that owns them as well as their own money machine portfolios.	0.0
that is how i like to play monopoly!	1.0
this is pretty much exactly how a lot of liberals feel, and you will not find very many conservatives in america who agree with your viewpoint.   obama has stated (before he was president) that he would love to have a single payer system.   what you describe is obama's ideal solution for healthcare.   he did not bother trying for single payer because he knew it would most likely die.   there is also an argument to be made that having single payer out of nowhere would be too drastic.   the aca acts as sort of a transition phase to smooth things out.	0.0
op, you should post this to /r/militaryatheists	0.0
christians in name only:  chinos	0.0
i like how the second poll does not give an option to blame congressional democrats.	1.0
do you really think they owned anyone?   someone was having a bakesale and other people went full retard.	0.0
the new ui update is the worst.   how many desktop users want the lowest bitrate as default and then hide the option two layers deep?	0.0
i wonder what happens if you take a group of armed men in a foreign country and then tell them that a) you are not getting paid and b) no, you cannot leave.	0.0
tell that to the executive branch, who have violated established law by continually making alterations and exempting people from it.	0.0
you must know the opposition will continue to push and push and will certainly go right up to the point where he has no choice but to stop them.  everybody has a limit somewhere.	0.0
good to see that with all their focus on shutdowns and defaulting on the debt that they have not lost a modicum of their class.	1.0
yep this sure is a republican shutdown /sarcasm off	1.0
is it a slide whistle?	1.0
walker turned in the aide that had embezzled which actually prompted the investigation into that issue, and was not charged with anything related to the aide that sent campaign-related emails while on the job, after extensive investigations into both issues.   the author's failure to look into these issues and subsequent noise about  ethical clouds  is shoddy.   the only reason there are  ethical clouds  is because of journalists who re-state these unwarranted allegations to the casual news reader.  if walker violated some campaign law, rest assured that it will come to light (because he has polarized his constituency and will be subjected to investigations for any allegations of scandal... this being the third such investigation that i am aware of in his few years in office), but let us not implicate him in two prior scandals that he was investigated for and cleared of in order to paint him with the guilty brush before this investigation is concluded.	0.0
i would attribute this to popular media.  i used to really enjoy watching ghost-hunters and the like on tv.  i could imagine a lot of this psychic stuff getting popular because of that.	0.0
something sexy that goes boom versus purchasing health insurance.  gosh, i do not get why.	1.0
&gt; they can display it any way they want.  they can have one of their art classes make a drawing of it and put it up,  he said.   they could have some of the ptos or the ptas get out there and be involved in it.  there is a million ways to do this that will not cost them a penny.    &gt;the proposal includes no plan for enforcement.  call me cynical but the fact that it has no plan for enforcement or penalties for non-compliance makes me think this is a rather obvious political ploy.  also seeing as it is left to local schools to come up with a way to accomplish this it would appear that they would be left to deal with any litigation and the resulting expenses at the local level.  if this bill does pass, litigation is almost certain to follow and recent decisions make me think that it will be determined to be unconstitutional.  encouraging public schools to waste valuable education money on frivolous lawsuits strikes me as terribly irresponsible government.	0.0
pity they got rid of the rainbow graph of institutionalized fearmongering.  obama could probably benefit from bumping it up to orange or magenta or whatever.	1.0
must be a  racist  too.  /sarc	1.0
&gt;in dentists' and doctors' offices, hearing aid centers and pain clinics, american health care is forging a lucrative alliance with american finance.  a growing number of health care professionals are urging patients to pay for treatment not covered by their insurance plans with credit cards and lines of credit that can be arranged quickly in the provider's office.  the cards and loans, which we are first marketed about a decade ago for cosmetic surgery and other elective procedures, are now proliferating among older americans, who often face large out-of-pocket expenses for basic care that is not covered by medicare or private insurance.  american exceptionalism.	1.0
the first native american for president,  hmmm??	0.0
on the one hand, yes, the dems have done it in ma and il.  on the other hand, the general slope of the board is **definitely** in the gop's favour right now.	0.0
dumbasses.  there is no  healthcare. gov  web site.  it is hosted by akamai, which means there are hundreds of them, each running on whatever akamai server is close to your provider.  good luck taking that down....  the tea party website on the other hand, has no such distributed server network....	1.0
wow, hannity...  if you we are to replace  atheist  with  gay  in that conversation...  fox would have been over run by civil rights activist.  now i am not directly relating the two, but i do think that in some situations the pressure from the family and community will because some to keep their secret to themselves and not speak up about it.	0.0
when scientists make models predicting warming and basically every single model is wrong, how can you say you are more certain warming is caused by humans.  regardless of whether the warming is actually caused by humans, if your models are wrong, how are you more certain?	0.0
it nobody has noticed by now.  it does not matter what the majority wants.	1.0
perfect example: me.  i pay about $ number  per year for health insurance.    never had to use it until this year.   (pain in kidney area, trace amount of blood in urine, dehydrated a lot, working outdoors in the south)  gee, i bet i have a kidney stone...  google agrees   $ number  insurance  $ number  deductible  $ number  in co-pays,  number % of bills for cancer tests, two rounds of x-rays, ultrasound, etc...  $ number  paid so far.   guess what?   i have a kidney stone.  good news, there is a procedure available that smashes the stone, but you have to be anesthetized, needs more tests before we can put you out, bloodwork, ekg...  another couple hundred dollars.  and the procedure?   i will owe  number %, which is $ number .  i do not have another $ number , so i cannot really afford to have it done.   am i risking future kidney function?   possibly, yes.  total bill for kidney stone:  $ number   $ number  for insurance    $ number , number  total, if i want treatment.   if not, suffer.   i cannot currently afford it, so....  awesome, huh?  edit: oh btw, my deductible re-sets at the first of the year, so if i do not get this done before xmas, it will cost $ number  more next year.   tl:dr fuck you america.   get your shit together.	1.0
&gt; our focus school and our superintendent's mandate that we improve education for students of color  then teach them what a damn sandwich is!	1.0
even when they are stupid they still think they are smarter than us.	1.0
it is weird that conservatives will believe this shit.   like you do not need to conduct experiments or have access to classified material or process raw data.   the bill is public you can read it, it is long though, and find where it is in the bill.   if it is there site the page it is on.   but it is not because there are only voluntary visits.	0.0
ok, what is this  common core  thing and why is it called common core and why is it all you hear when talking about education recently.   i have never heard of it before lately.	0.0
i observe this every day.  if you talk to a  right winger  in fox news terms, then they *hate* big government, obama, socialized medicine, taxes, etc etc etc.  talk to them about *actual* programs, and suddenly they are actually for almost every government program in existence.	1.0
america gets in their way.	1.0
let be a little more intelligent here.   back in those days, having a child out of wedlock was socially unacceptable regardless of your religion or background.   those that did we are stigmatized as 'whores'.   in fact, it was not until  number  that the supreme court ruled that fathers of illegitimate children had a legal responsibility to them.   different times.  while the free love movement of the  number s was starting to change that it did not have much of an impact on middle class america.   was not just catholic families.  in the  number s we went from  number % out of wedlock births to our current rate of upwards of  number %.   here is a blog that i thought was informative on this:  	0.0
i agree with you - the stronger the middle class, the better for our economy.   the democrats support the middle class and help the lower class with food and shelter.   the republican support of corporations and the rich help only a select few.	0.0
dude, try living in south carolina.  i swear we have had like  number  good news story about us in the past  number  years.  all the rest?  completely embarrassing.	1.0
watching mccain these days is like watching a political take on  the notebook , but without the sadness... instead of bouncing between happiness/sadness, it is glee/fury.	1.0
i once was a young earth creationist because that is what i thought was the most literal understanding of the bible.  struggling with the text for many years i eventually changed my opinion upon reading genesis unbound by john sailhamer.  through this book i came to acknowledge that the meaning of genesis  number  is not as clear as i once gathered.  therefore i am now a respecter of many views though holding to a form of old earth creationism myself.	0.0
agreed.  bet your own fucking paycheck, boehner.	0.0
you can be angry at the people who promote something.  i am not angry with theism, that is too nebulous.  but i am angry at the westburough baptist church.  but there is a difference between being angry and being effective.  anger can motivate you to get something done.	0.0
nobody is *giving* rights to anyone.   they are forcing the state to recognize that those rights exist.	0.0
careful!  rand is the darling of the libertarians, they will defend him and his father till their last breaths.	1.0
all obama has to do is pick up the phone and give boehner a call.  and also cave in to all of the gop's insane demands and then impeach himself.  also something something benghazi.	1.0
how would they?  all my online accts are password protected.  and, i have already talked to a friend about the whole  hey, if i die, you need to go on these websites and contact these people.  they would want to know 	0.0
while i think the parents should burn....  &gt;cook said, i feel the punishment should match the outrage felt by this community.   	
i do not think that is, in general, a correct way to dole out punishment. 	1.0
&gt; well, one of the reasons some americans feel they are being taxed to death is that if you add up our taxes, which are low compared to other modern countries, and then you add in private expenditures for things the tax system pays for in other countries - a lot of our health care costs, higher education costs, admissions and fees and tickets and licenses for a lot of things - lo and behold, we end up being a relatively high-tax country.  i have been saying this for years and it never seems to sink in.   to fairly compare taxes in the you. s.  with other countries you have to add in the costs of healthcare and college.  corporations corrupting the tax code is a different discussion.  the cost of healthcare in america is also a different discussion.   healthcare is more expensive here because we pay geometrically more for the same services.	0.0
the problem i have with lists like this is that their scope is so limited.  they target christian biblical literalism as the reason for rejecting all religions.  there is nothing mentioned about the claims being unproven, just objections that are straw men for any sophisticated believer.  it almost seems like any rigorous, non literal interpretation of scripture could easily pull this kind of atheist back into the fold.	0.0
and *patriots! *	1.0
conservative viewpoints should be a natural response to a country with financial problems, like we have now.  unfortunately, the current crop of republicans in office very often look like ignorant bible thumpers (not saying there are not exceptions, but this is how the republican party is often preceived), which scares the hell out of a lot of people, especially the younger ones like myself.	0.0
i was coming on here to post this, but figured someone else already had.  it is in fact the perfect representation of hardcore right christians.  love thy neighbor... unless he has different beliefs, is gay, is a democrat, is from a different country, etc.	1.0
to that pastor: you are completely right.  we have better things to do than debate what goes on between two adults in their bedroom.  so mind your own fucking business and stop opposing allowing secular legal marriages between two consenting adults.	0.0
againstinequality has their (very modest) campaign donations slightly favoring democrats:  ! /results/cgi% number federal  their big money is in lobbying: $ number .  number m	0.0
yep.  he just lost.  did he really just respond to  hey we can help kids with cancer  by saying  look i have people at nellis sitting at home ?  and what is stuck in his throat?  jesus turn your head from the mic before coughing up a lung.  anyway, i thought obama's schtick was that he is a pragmatic, not an absolutist leader.  the conditions you find yourself in are that the government is shut down.  you have the option of at least working with republicans to get the nih going again.  why not do it?  you worked with republicans to keep the military funded, why cannot you do the same for the nih?  and please oh please stop with the  enough is enough  and  talk about reckless  and so on.  such statements add zero value and inhibit cooperation.	0.0
the gaywakening.   i wonder why it took them so long to start disciplinary proceedings.	1.0
this is pathetic, on so many levels.  imagine the subconscious emotional pressure your brain is under, when your significant other is trying to convert.   surely, in the back (or front) of your mind is the idea,  if i do not convert, he is going to leave me.    but, besides that, here is the unique person on earth you are bonded to, and *they* are pushing this dogma on you.   a weak ego is going to cave like an eggshell.  plus, *she was not an atheist. *  she never considered the proposition  god: yes or no?   in any clarified manner.   she took her religion from her  super-smart  father and let it lie as it was...  until her boyfriend hatched his conversion plans on her.  plus, she has never been exposed, apparently, to secular speakers, or psychologists, who deal with human issues from a non-religious viewpoint:  &gt;  but then the pastor preached.  i was fascinated.  i had never heard a pastor talk about the things he did.    meditation can be a wonderful thing.  but then a priest comes in, slaps a  prayer  label on it and makes it icky.  she apparently went through this brainwashing process for  number  months, all the while being coached by her boyfriend, and after all that, **she ...  has a dream**.   that is all the rigorous proof anyone needs, right:  &gt; my boyfriend would pray with me for god to reveal himself to me.  after about eight months of going to hear keller, i concluded that the weight of evidence was on the side of christianity.  [... ] i continued to think that people who talked of hearing from god or experiencing god we are either delusional or lying.  [... ] then one night on a trip to taiwan, i woke up in what felt like a strange cross between a dream and reality.  jesus came to me and said,  here i am.    this testimony is one of the most sad and pathetic things i have ever read regarding a conversion.   (well, i guess it could have been more pathetic: scientist francis collins' conversion occurred when he [saw a frozen waterfall]() which reminded him of the trinity. )	0.0
conservative response: herp derp detroit hurr durr	1.0
they are kind of out there.  but they managed to *shut down out government. *	1.0
they are prepping her for the next election.  a few days ago something was posted regarding her husband, bill clinton, saying that people should be able to keep their plan if they want to.  now i think that this is a clear tactic used to try and separate hillary from the obama administration  without them saying she is against them.  now the trick is that she is not really against him, rather, she is being the typical dem and abandoning ship to benefit herself.  i am calling it right now, there will be a rather subtle divide between her and the obama admin.  his declining approval rating is cancerous to her campaign and she is going to start making distance.	0.0
the home team always hears cheers from the crowd, even in their worst seasons.  they would not even know they we are losing if it were not for the numbers.	1.0
this raised my blood pressure a considerable degree	0.0
imo, this website debacle is a distraction.   eventually, the site will be fixed and we will all be forced to do business with an insurance company (of all types of companies, these are my least favorite to deal with).	0.0
no shit sherlock...	0.0
doing their best to overwhelm and corrupt local elections.	0.0
i needed a good laugh today.  thank you.	0.0
&gt; people should not be so surprised by this, as guaranteed basic income is a policy that appeals to both conservatives and liberals.  it is anti-bureaucratic and simple and is a very effective anti-poverty measure  so is universal healthcare yet....	1.0
i do not know why you are being downvoted for speaking the truth here.  democrats are no angels.  what is this?  [r/liberal? ]()	1.0
in hell, along with the other false gods.	0.0
typical liberal race baiting.  sad, sad times we live in.  i have been called a racist just because i do not agree with what obama is doing.  i do not care if he is black, white, orange or any color that the human eye can see.	0.0
i am unfortunately ignorant if methodist vows, but does it say in the rules that you cannot marry a homosexual couple?  while i disagree with the spirit of these events, if he knowingly did it against the rules, there are going to be consequences, just like a bishop being ex-communicated for ordaining a woman priest.	0.0
heheheheheheheh	0.0
his favorite color is coca cola, he clearly knows what is up.	0.0
can you block all those hashtags?   i get more aggravated by those than i should.	0.0
you can see more pat on [the mclaughlin group's youtube channel]() the most recent episode will be posted tomorrow afternoon.	0.0
apparently they forgot about how much this helped clinton.  short memories.  when you run on anti-government and fuck it all up.  people take you at your word.  since the idiots cannot figure out why they get blamed instead of dems.	0.0
yep portland maine	0.0
if hating you is wrong, i do not want to be right.  ~ the republicans	1.0
why would you buy this, and what would you do with it?	0.0
the people at ifixit must be getting a bit miffed that someone has already done their job for them.	0.0
i said it when he was elected the first time: barack obama will be remembered (eventually) as the worst president in american history.	0.0
let me bully a park ranger doing their job under difficult circumstances i helped bring on.  wait... a different and accurate viewpoint?   i am out.	1.0
this person has an interesting view of what  traditional  means.	0.0
its almost as if there is a concerted disinformation campaign trying to confuse people about obamacare.	1.0
i was happy to see mccain come out and rip him on that comparison.	0.0
i will take this as an improvement of sorts.  silly as this stuff is, it is far less damaging than organized religion. it is embarrassing now, but as a teenager i was interested in  magik .  i read thousands of pages of aleister crowley and even that fake  necronomicon  that used to circulate.  so esoteric.  so cool.  the kids will wise up eventually.  even if they do not, i will take goddess worshipers, tarot readers and other occultists over monotheists any day.   harm ye none, do what ye will  is far more congenial than the bloody-mindedness of the bible or qur'an.	1.0
this is definitely a problem with blogging style journalism.  they likely do not go through editors before hitting the screen, because on nearly every article these days  these are the views of *such and such*, and not our company  to protect them...  because they do not check their work.	0.0
was not it in this same interview he says he believes in god?  lol	1.0
it is hard to come up with a concise reason why the us is as loony as it appears to be.  its like a combination of willing ignorance, lack of leadership, and the glorification of selling people out for your own profit.  there are other reasons too, they are just escaping my train of thought for the moment.  that all said, despite all the gloom and doom that every talking head is trying to earn a buck from, consider that things have been worse.  people have been rounded up, dressed in attractive uniforms, armed with firearms and then marched off to a field in northern france to be ground into mulch.  people have dropped in droves from the flu.  there has been wholesale eradication of people solely because they prayed to the same god but in a different way.  amongst all that we collectively still found time to rip people off, poison, and rape them.  that is just the  number th century.  what we have now is trivial by comparison.	0.0
i mean, i hate sarah palin as much as the next right thinking person, but i think you nailed it.	0.0
this is why i love adam number d's stuff.  great comics.  :d	0.0
who?  the democrats?	1.0
no way !  the nobel peace prize winning messiah would never do such a thing !	1.0
i had the some thing happen to be today.  they rang my doorbell and wanted to talk to me about it.	0.0
it was not a bad joke.  it was a deliberate subversion of democracy.  fucking gop is a treasonous organization.  every one of them is a lying cheat.	0.0
i like this video but not as much as the one where he promises to end wire tapping.  although the one about closing gitmo asap was good too.  it ties for my other favorite which is where he claimed libya was caused by a video.  but you cannot forget about his bailouts those videos are always worth a watch after all he kept detroit running.  you can not mention favorite videos tho without talking about his absolute disgust of raising the debt limit while a part time congress person.	1.0
it does nothing to assist the political discourse of this nation to characterize democrats as the  enemy.  	0.0
reddit should just ban every mod and start again.  that would be fun!	0.0
my friend and i are going to attend a rodeo with one of us wearing an obama mask and one of us wearing a t-shirt pointing saying  i am with stupid .	0.0
far from dead.	0.0
why did they stay here until the  number s when the rates started dropping?  when you make that much money, enough to be in an  number % tax rate, you live wherever the hell you want to and the tax rate is not that much of a concern.	0.0
what they do not tell you in this article is that all of the sweatshop labor that goes into producing these uniforms is carried out by a company called unicor that pays convicts pennies an hour to do work that should be done by all of the hard working american citizens that cannot find jobs right now.  there is not any way to make money in prison unless you work for them and when they feed you bullshit you have to be able to get money on your books to survive.  this is new world slave labor at it is finest.	0.0
conservatives have been making a concerted effort to turn r. politics more red for as long as its been a subreddit.   the recent mod actions are part of that.  they just cannot stand there being a liberal forum on the internet despite having hundreds of their own right wing shitholes to stink up - they have set their sights on this one.	0.0
it is a shame that the author perpetuates the myth of mother teresa, but otherwise a good article.	0.0
lol good one, let us just round up every last corrupt politician, regulator and law enforcement officer, and throw them in a prison that is totally not built on corruption, and run by corrupt wardens.	1.0
this story makes no mention of the  number  election and only once mentions hassan rouhani!   i mean wtf it is not like there is only side on a negotiation table.   its like when conservatives credit ronald reagan with the end the cold war without a mention of mikhail gorbachev's reforms perestroika and glasnost.  i think having a more moderate leader in iran is a bigger reason for progress with them then anything any secretary could do.	0.0
jesus is not pleased with this division within his body.	1.0
then do not re-elect them.	0.0
i love how the reasoning for why it should be illegal is because early use in kids makes them more susceptible to drug abuse later.  the law would clearly state the the persons would need to be  number  to buy it just like the case is with alcohol.  why are they more worried about the drug use that would stem from marijuana (a less addictive drug than alcohol) yet blatantly ignore both the alcoholism and drug use that can come from early drinking.  maybe its because there is not as much of a connection because of the social aspects associated with drinking.  would not marijuana go through the same thing alcohol did when it became legal, more social acceptance and knowledge of the drug allowing for more conversations between kids and their parents about the right way to do these things without leading to increased hardcore drug use.	0.0
scalia could not be effective without help from the other  number  corporate justices.	0.0
&gt;as the only socially transformational legislation in modern american history to be enacted on a straight party-line vote, obamacare is wholly owned by the democrats.  its unraveling would catastrophically undermine their underlying ideology of ever-expansive central government providing cradle-to-grave care for an ever-grateful citizenry.  &gt;for four years, this debate has been theoretical.  now it is real.  and for democrats, it is a disaster.  &gt;this is the signature legislative achievement of the obama presidency, the embodiment of his new entitlement-state liberalism.  if obamacare goes down, there will be little left of its underlying ideology.  &gt;perhaps it will not go down.  perhaps the web portal hums beautifully on nov.   number .  perhaps they will find a way to restore the canceled policies without wrecking the financial underpinning of the exchanges.  &gt;perhaps.  the more likely scenario, however, is that obamacare does fail.  it either fails politically, renounced by a wide consensus that includes a growing number of democrats, or it succumbs to the financial complications (the insurance death spiral ) of the very amendments desperately tacked on to save it.	
&gt;if it does fail, the effect will be historic.  obamacare will take down with it more than mary landrieu and co.  ***it will discredit obama's new liberalism for years to come. *** 	0.0
everyone that answers this question responds with what they are doing - and it is more confusing than the thing itself.  what the fuck is the thing, what does it do, how do i use it?	0.0
&gt;how do we ensure art is made and available  by making sure artists are paid.	0.0
yes, blow up the financial sector, what could possibly go wrong??	1.0
ouch.	0.0
its not surprising that this article takes an anti-investor stance, and is chock full of misleading information.   it is a slow day at work today, so i thought i would write a few bullet points as i was reading through it:   number .  blackstone is not  owned  by any of those banks listed.   the fancy sounding sec filing is just a list of who owns blackstone's common stock (ticker: bx).   the list includes all of the mutual funds those companies manage, which means if you as a normal person buy for example the jpmorgan large cap value mutual fund, you own a portion of those bx shares, which gets aggregated in that list.   not so evil...   number .  the reason that real estate agent is seeing less minority buyers is because the lending standards have gotten tighter, and safer.   there are no more zero money down purchases.   if you blame the crash on the banks giving these easy money loans, then you cannot also blame them for now *not* giving these loans.   number .   the  besuited businessmen  paying cash are not swooping in and taking homes from hard working immigrants who are about to close.   these companies like blackstone are buying houses out of foreclosure directly from banks, or at large auctions.   not so evil.   number .   after buying the houses, they are hiring property management companies, contractors, and repair men to get the houses back into rentable condition as quickly as possible (within  number  days).   that is literally thousands of blue collar people being put to work in areas that need it most.   number .   blackstone is not  speculating on housing prices , looking to quickly flip them, or creating another housing bubble.   the key reason this is not true is because they are not building new construction properties.   these are all houses that already exist, and they are simply fixing them back up, and allowing people to move back into them in an affordable way.   number .   most of the people that we are foreclosed upon are not able to get a new mortgage right now.   they do not have  number % savings to put down, they are probably living check to check.   but their family and kids are used to living in a house, in a neighborhood.   they do not want to move into a  number  bedroom apartment building.   now blackstone comes in, and offers the opportunity to stay in a house, with the same schools, etc.   this is not predatory.   people are paying rent, but now they have the option to do so while living in a house.   number .   now that all these houses are owned by blackstone, they are in no hurry to  flip  them for profit, because they are making a profit monthly by simply holding onto them and renting them.   the new boilers, new roof, and general maintenance is all factored into the profitability.   most leases are  number  years, so there is not constant turnover, and people are more likely to care for the houses with a decent respect.   number .   eventually, the ownership of these houses will likely be split off into a separate company, and stock will be sold to people that want to own real estate without doing the work (see the recent ipo of silverbay:sby).   the company will continue to own and operate the homes, pay income to shareholders, and the stock value will increase in value when the homes do.   the exact same thing has happened for years and years in commercial real estate and multi-family apartment real estate investing.   not so evil.  ultimately, this is actually making it *easier* for lower income people to live in homes.   while renting they can continue to save, and eventually buy a house with lending terms that are sustainable for their budget.  hopefully this response is helpful to readers that actually want to understand what blackstone and other institutional investors are doing, rather than just shake their fists and yell  damn wall street, republicans, and obama!  .   there was a lot of anecdotal malarkey at the end of the article which is where i stopped reading.	0.0
i dream of different creative methods of punishing him if he we are convicted of war crimes.  what i like is feeding his naked living body to pigs in laos....	1.0
thank you for this, good sir.	0.0
*let us out breath*	0.0
i would call that adding insult to injury, but the bill is hardly the worst part of this.	1.0
bs.  conservative media will continue to lay all blame on the victims, and continue repeating the lie that banks we are forced into giving mortgages to people that could not afford them.	0.0
you realize his constituents are the entire state of texas, right?   he won  number % of the vote, which means at least  number % of us are not insane.   and more people are coming to our side all the time.   just look at the houston chronicles' [retration of their endorsement of cruz. ]()	0.0
except both sides are bad.  we are in this position because it became the norm after congress did not pass a budget for  number  years.	0.0
while i loath apple most of the time, in this case i can say that i stand behind them.  these trolls have to stop.  i am glad apple is standing up to them.  i think the entire tech world can agree to that.	0.0
i doubt that it would be simple to move from out of state and quickly get very expensive treatment.  if this we are the case, tens of thousands of sick people would move to vermont and the system would collapse.	0.0
reddit cherrypicks the pope's messages.	0.0
 number % of american's clicked the wrong button.	1.0
. jpg  maybe if you had socialism people would be able to put their apostrophe in the right place.  as someone from outside the us it is just absolutely alien that people are on the streets with placards complaining about  socialism  especially when you see the exact people who are the ones protesting.  i was in the us recently and i took a cab in st louis, the cab driver was an older american who had bad health little or no healthcare as i understood it but he spent the entire journey complaining about socialism.  as a swede/brit/european my head just cannot get around the concept of someone whose life would be orders of magnitude better complaining about socialist beliefs.  the ruling classes have through a very cunning media campaign managed to dupe the working classes.	1.0
well, we could have electronic voting machines that have fully open source code, and use cryptography to verify results, but of course, there is no money in that.	0.0
if this even gets to  number k, you know that some whitehouse aid will  respond with bullcrap about surveillance and security and the administration's supposed stance on the nsa revelations.  and of course, oh yeah the book report; education is good.	1.0
welcome to /r/libertarian, glenn beck.	1.0
obamacare is much more than the website.  my grandmother is already saving $ number  a month in rx costs because the aca mandated changes in drug costs for seniors.  a glitchy website in the first few weeks was expected.  people still will have plenty of time to sign up.  the gop is like a bunch of airline passengers who think the plane will crash because the flight attendant is a little late in handing out the duty free menu.	1.0
surely though, the point could be not  let us not have any love and grace to this pastor,  but  you need to have love and grace, because if you do not have love and grace, you will wind up doing something loveless and graceless, for example what this pastor said.  if you think that is bad, then be more loving and gracious.  	0.0
should have made a joke about sending her off to pakistan or being honor killed for embracing western values.	1.0
sad to say, that line worked on several conservatives i know.	1.0
honestly, having people like warren and sanders in the us senate makes me wonder what the hell we fought the cold war for.  what was the point of spending  number  years, untold lives and trillions of dollars to defeat communism abroad if we we are going to end up electing it at home afterwards?	0.0
i am becoming more anti-islamic by the day...	0.0
whoa, some one gave my wife this book.  we have never read it, but i might be time to publicly burn it.	0.0
&gt; have the gop talking heads trashing the site taken the time to do that exercise themselves?  does it serve their agenda to do so?	0.0
michele bachmann is also linking us politicians to idiocy to everyone outside the us.	0.0
[deleted]	0.0
kochsuckers strike again!  i wish someone would send these cunts to belize already.	0.0
would they need to be college educated?  v=lbefv number tjz number 	0.0
the  point is you invite them on b/c your fanbase believes that and they want to see hannity  destroy  atheists on his show, b/c it is what they want.  it is a confirmation bias, they already know they are smarter than those selfish, egotistical atheists, and they need their gallant knight to show them how he slays their morrally repugnant leader using the reason and logic they try and use agains jesus.  obviously the set up is to have hannity, a good debater go against someone ill prepared for his fast talking gotcha attack journalism, well this guy was ready.  funny thing is, the christian conservatives that watch hannity, probably think ol' han desroyed this atheist.	1.0
call my cynical, but i am guessing they did not 'fall' for anything.	1.0
one can only hope.	0.0
probably the lower pressure in the upper atmosphere causes it to expand more.	0.0
my grandmother got $ number  and they just sent her a letter knocking it down to $ number .  i am very grateful that she has us that can provide and help her.  i cannot imagine those who rely on it a great deal.  thanks government.  fuck up the only program that was doing well with a very small amount of fraud.	1.0
nah instant  number 's tax rates.	0.0
it would probably get censored elsewhere  seriously	0.0
conservatives do not think of their leaders as 'messiahs' (or mythical knights in the fictional kingdom of camelot) and thus, poking fun at them is not sacrilegious,  he said.   to the modern liberal who looks to their leaders the way small children look to their parents, making fun of obama is simply beyond them.   -evan sayet 	0.0
liberals truly believe the ends justify the means.	1.0
here is a list of voter suppression attempts done by the gopt last election  early voting [source](. html)  nine hour voting lines [source](. html)  voter id laws to combat the umm dozen or so cases [source](. html)  extreme gerrymandering to make sure they win [source](. html)  making parents of students have to pay higher taxes if their children register to vote. [source](. html)  gerrymandering the electoral college to make sure a republican candidate gets electoral votes [source](. html)  and what about the shady attempts they have been caught doing in  number ?  robocalls to democratic areas reminding them to vote in the wrong place [source](. html)  voting firm hired by florida republicans turned in hundreds of fraudulently made registrations [source](. html)  it all boils down to not wanting minorities to votes - as they themselves had said [source](. html)	0.0
do not we give people meds for seeing or belivinbelieving in things they think are real?	1.0
&gt;they could pass one this very minute if mr.  boehner would bring the clean senate bill to a vote.  if boehner brought a clean cr today, a large percentage of republicans would vote for it, he cannot bring it right now.	1.0
this is not exactly a legal grey area...  you. s.  constitution, article vi, paragraph  number  is pretty clear:  &gt; no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the united states	0.0
you do not expect him to remember what he dictates from the teleprompter feed, do you?	1.0
the gop is a steadily shrinking party so they are desperately putting up walls to cling to power as long as possible.	0.0
i do not really mind.  i mean, one one hand there are people like chan who downsize and on the other there are people like furtick who go big.  to each their own and each shall account to the lord for their administration of the wealth given to them.	0.0
honestly, all the pro-family movements in (american) church culture today make me even more resolute to be single.  two couples from my church got married this summer, and as happy as i am for them - i should not even have to state that caveat - it makes me want to march to the beat of my own drum even more.	0.0
the perimeters around this relaunching we are kept incredibly vague so the administration would be able to call any outcome a success.	0.0
war is peace.	1.0
a true left wing group only a mother could love	0.0
i am surprised they  discussed it in a positive light.	0.0
why the fuck are is this hospital complying with a warrant that is not valid in their county?  especially when another hospital turns it down because it is unethical?!  is not this grounds for a lot of people to lose their medical license?	0.0
yep he had lots of flaws fortunately being a bad sci-fi writer was not one of them.	1.0
the list used to be populated by oil companies, then car companies and now its shifted towards tech.  the gold-rush industry of the  number st century.	0.0
why not both?    and, certainly some other incentives - power, control, inside knowledge, patriotism, brain washing, legacy, etc, etc.  this is a sophisticated human we are talking about.   not some a or b lever pulling ape.	0.0
because they no longer teach civics in schools, people forget that the dissension in the us government exists as a self-healing balance, so that no one entity, person or party, becomes too powerful.   if too many disagree, it cannot be good for the majority.   if enough agree, it is likely good for the majority.   it is only when enough people agree, that anything happens.  the us government structure has these fail-safes built in, and dissension until compromises are reached is what makes final agreements work.	0.0
if you have any dollars to spare, please [consider contributing]() to help them out.  the internet archive is made up of a very small team of people and the services they offer are free to the world.  if you want to know a little more about the internet archive, there is a great [behind-the-scenes documentary]() about why they do what they do.  they are preserving history in so many ways; without their efforts, much of our curiosity would go unsatisfied.  again, [please consider donating]().  they seriously could not do what they do without contributions from their users.  thanks.	0.0
we should lift the cap, at the very least it should be set at what we pay politicians  number , number k.	0.0
i think that there is a difference between preaching and the incitement of violence.  and if there is violence, it will not be god's will - it will be his.	0.0
no, it was a bad joke when they did it in  number , and we are ordered to stop by the courts.   it was a  repost  when they did it again in  number , and again we are ordered to stop.   it was beating a dead horse when they did it *again* in  number , and yes, again, we are ordered to stop.   it is a fucking blatant violation of our constitutional right to vote that they did it again in  number , and someone should be going to jail at this point.	0.0
well i have heard that mexicans and blacks smoke it and then want to rape white women.  it will also be detrimental to the cotton industry...	1.0
 in  number , more than  number  percent of texas charter schools reportedly had a religious affiliation.   anyone else surprised that the percentage is that low?	1.0
alright, as a teen i am going to share my experience with youth ministry.   i go to the life teen program at my church almost every sunday and we are a really tight knit group there.  we actually have deep discussions, instead of just fun and games, and we have an annual summer retreat which is what i always look forward to in the summer.  a lot of the people in the head youth ministry office in the archdiocese went to and we are leaders of this specific life teen.  we frequently do things to help out our church community from service projects, to raising money.  teens who go to this llife teen seem more mature and very involved in the church.  i would not be who i am today without this program.	0.0
or aborted it.	0.0
to be fair a lot of software is overpriced.	0.0
$ number .  number  million?   better be every school in texas.	0.0
the bane of boehner's being is big boy boners	0.0
he did not put her there.  the republican party did as a concession to the  tea party  in hopes of controlling them.  they have since lost control which can be seen within american politics and the republican party is split over it.  let us hope the  number  election season sees it fixed.	0.0
well it is the only way to stop that awful health care bill that they could not stop at the ballot box or in court.	1.0
shock.	1.0
i want to solely blame fox news for the reason our current political climate sucks so much, but then i remember that the reagan/clinton shift right happened well before fox news ever existed.   fox news may have extenuated it to unimaginable levels, but the core of this whole problem seems deeper than fox news.	0.0
they had me at metaphorical jesus.   that is the last thing we want.	1.0
dude.  can you imagine if all the media outlets followed suite?  i would be so happy.	0.0
saw the same type of thing last year, guess what?  walmart is a greedy corporation just like any other and will never change.  they do not care about the workers.  staff are replaceable because there is always someone else willing to do the job for the same or less money.  you start working there and at some point you are told this in either direct or indirect words and they are right, people are desperate and will do anything to keep a job in today's economy.	0.0
i believe it would be right cool if the democrats just took over the position of 'conservative' party.  they do all the consertive stuff quite well--pandering to big money, spying on citizens, grossly mismanaging public resources.  the you. s.  has not had a progressive party for many years.	0.0
this massachusetts liberal did so much harm to the conservative because it is not even funny.  he single-handedly allowed obama and the socialist party to move the overton window so far left that real conservatism is not even recognizable in the public discourse.  our only hope is the grassroots support of real, conservative, american patriots like ted cruz to pull our country back to sanity.	0.0
i still cling to the hope that i will see a space elevator before i die.  stuff like this gives me the hope that we will end up with the materials and technology to maybe get there by then.	0.0
boy do i love being told that we live in a christian nation.  so are jews, hindus, muslims and buddhists all second class citizens?  political views aside, i am curious how these  us=christian nation  people feel about eric cantor, the house majority leader (and highest ranking jew in the history of congress).  i would think he disagrees that we are a christian nation.	1.0
what if you believe that the fundamentalists are doing damage the word of christ by driving more and more people away from the message?   it may not be my job to judge others as that is for god alone, but i really, really struggle with loving those that hate in a way that says this is not right and others should not follow.	0.0
they are working on hormones to add to the chickens that shrink our penises and make us bad drivers so that they theses stereotypes will be irrelevant in the future.	1.0
they still knowingly broke a law.	0.0
i do not think so.   firstly, paxman lingered way too long on russell's not voting position for that to have been the case.   and secondly, at one point, he even called russell a  trivial  person.	0.0
the fact that the judge on the case is most likely friends/colleagues with the father of the lawyer for lodsys already spells corrupt when you look at the facts.	0.0
as a californian, all are welcome here.  though i would advise the bay area over the la basin.	0.0
every nation that has surpassed the usa test scores in reading and math are nations with union teachers... but ask any republican/tea party/conservative in the usa and they will go straight to  it is the teachers union.  	1.0
let me guess.... they are claiming authority under the interstate commerce clause.	0.0
everyone deserves health care no matter what side of the aisle you are on.  this is from a moderate right republican.	0.0
no their primary motivation is to get money from the wealthy then do what  the wealthy want.	1.0
it is ~~funny~~ depressing how bad you can make good things sound.	0.0
the only thing i took away from this article is that if a writer as terrible as this can get a column on huffpo, i am obviously not trying hard enough.	1.0
 president's words ~~have lost all~~ *never* had any meaning.   ftfy	1.0
$ number  billion on.... uniforms?  wat	0.0
feels good to have a spine.   they come in handy when needed.	1.0
having carte blanche of article ii powers would be a huge waste...	0.0
not going to lie, i have been praying that same thing since i was a kid too.  instead of playing mind games of who-likes-who and who has-a-better-christian-than-who in church, i wish i could just know.  it would save me a bit of heartbreak and aimless expectation.	0.0
how does clarence thomas approach  judging?    he weighs cases based on the amount of money he is paid.	1.0
wolf in sheep's clothing, big-time.	0.0
boehner needs to go.  he is done nothing but try his hardest to make sure nothing gets done.  this is not how our government should work.  edit: forgot a word.	0.0
schooling needs to give kids a taste of things and find out what they like, are good at, and enjoy.  everything in your post could be applied to any subject in school, be it maths, sciences, history, social studies, etc.  i think it is pretty flabby that we have art, and phys ed, but not something like basic programming.  programming is one of the backbones in modern society, and becoming more so every year.  we really should not continue on this path of producing children who know little about computers besides operating their idevices, browsing the web, and some gaming.  i have read a lot of assessments suggesting that kids today are less literate than kids who we are born in the  number 's.  it is all well and good that we have turned computing into a basic commodity like we did with cars.  unlike cars though, there are dozens of millions of jobs that require high level computing knowledge, programming skills, problem solving, etc.  not knowing how your car works or how to fix it is not closing huge amounts of doors to you or possibly limiting your career potential in many industries.	0.0
when do we start using the word  treason  when it comes to these people?	0.0
i wish more of my fellow tennesseeans would vote against her when we have the chance.	0.0
when they actually commit sedition, maybe?  jesus, people, it is better if there is only one party trying to destroy our system of government.	1.0
you know actually think audi murphy was cool though.	0.0
&gt;you deal with it and you move on, but casual sex  has taken its chunk and you will never get it back.   	
because if you cross that line.  god can never restore you.  you are permanently damaged goods.  you will never know true intimacy.	
what insane rambling is this?	
is this guy a believer or does he just think he is?  i cannot tell. 	1.0
i am sure the us news media would fairly and objectively cover any political leader who supported such an idea.	1.0
mainstream america wants ed schultz to have a heat attack on camera.	1.0
not to republicans or conservatives.   you are only part of american exceptional ism if you buy into the false idea of the rugged individual and  traditional american conservatism.  	0.0
it is a college bake sale, let us be fair now.  asians would pay  number .  number 	1.0
speaking as a democrat, that is my nightmare, too.  i know that there is always contention between the moderate and radical elements of a political party.   but i am concerned about the rhetoric of both warren and her supporters.   and i cannot help but feel that much of her posturing is pure pandering.	0.0
texas pride = the ability to continually elect mental deficients to congress.	1.0
liberals:  we ran a black guy so we cannot be racist!    tea party:  we ran a guy with a  number - number - number  tax plan that will help the economy!  he also has great business experience!    media: the tea party functions solely around racist issues.	1.0
a graham cylinder perhaps?	0.0
i have recently run into these problems with my current pastor.   i was talking to him about metaphorical interpretations of certain passages in the bible that have been traditionally read literally.   when i questioned him about why he believes these passages to be literal, when all history and evidence points to it being metaphorical, he basically told me, that is just how it is, and that i do not have to analyze it too much.   he told me he is studied this before, he has references to  prove it , and because that is what he believes.   in other words, he told me to shut up and stop asking questions.  to me, it is an insult to intelligence when someone tells me to stop thinking and just believe what is in front of me.	0.0
the war on who can vote will only work for so long.  this is the last gasp of a dying political party.	0.0
not really all that much of an injustice if the guy only won by vote to begin with, could have easy changed with a coin toss.	0.0
no way the republicans go through with it.  it would be disastrous for them at the polls.  i call a total bluff.  i hope to god obama sees this and offers the nothing.	0.0
it is cute that people think that a large percentage of pharmaceutical expenditures is for developing new drugs.   the marketing budget dwarfs new development r&amp;d expenses.	1.0
is not that the entire point of religion?  the religious people i know all use it to feel better about themselves, and their god always has the same opinion as them.	0.0
why the hell are you being downvoted?  this is true, we can laugh now at this website but eventually it will get fixed, and we are going right back to the original problem of being fucked by obamacare.	0.0
fuck the bronze age.	1.0
&gt;in washington state a christian homeschooling couple received maximum prison sentences allowable under the law after being found guilty of beating and starving their adopted daughter to death in accord with biblical based parenting techniques.  what the actual fuck?  she was not even theirs to begin with.  adopted child.  poor kid, being brought into a home of christian fundamentalists.	0.0
obama, the presidential train wreck.	0.0
i had no idea we had this problem with barack until i read the same reddit article that you did.	1.0
hard to care about that when you are dead.  would be more afraid if they got a hold of it while i was still alive.	0.0
/r/nottheonion	0.0
 no title of nobility shall be granted by the united states: and no person holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state.   article i, section  number , clause  number , constitution, united states of america.	1.0
does he think that maybe a good president would have worked to change the bill to make it more acceptable to both sides?  that way he would not have to lie about it.	0.0
do not hate the player, hate the game?	0.0
this would be a fucking nightmare to have to go through after such a traumatizing experience.  i hope the girl gets a lot of therapy on behalf of the asshole cop who stepped over the line.	0.0
yes, the minority can force a vote to be called by getting  number (? ) reps to sign a discharge petition.   the only problem is that it takes something like a month before the discharge petition comes into effect, meaning a vote would not be held until november.   i think we can be sure that boehner will cave before then.   at least i hope so.	0.0
because obama is thin skinned	0.0
ok, i only have one x chromosome...  but *i* feel patronized.	1.0
people believe in god because they have been trained to.  being scared of death plays some role in it.  needing to believe that one's own personal successes and failures will not completely dictate their future plays some part in it.  but mostly it is because they have been trained to based on generations of religion seeping into politics and society.	0.0
this is because states compete against each other to attract businesses.  sooner or later this is bound to happen.	0.0
i wish.  and if it is really happening it will be interpreted by some hardcore religious blockheads as god's intention when he/she/it realized we we are not worthy of worshiping him.. of course, he/she/it knew it from the start.	1.0
would anyone be opposed to moving veterans day back a week, so we get the ps number  release on a three day weekend?	0.0
&gt; the suit names the deming police department, the hidalgo county sheriff's office and various medical employees at the gila regional medical center, where the procedures we are performed.  just a reminder to anyone that considers choosing gila regional medical center for health needs: employees perform illegal anal penetration upon a verbal police officer request.  the search was done without a warrant, and the recipient never consented to the invasive procedure.  if you trust your body and your medical records to a facility, it helps if you are aware of their activities.	0.0
spongebob can also support himself while owning a house and pet and no room mates by working a fry cook position in fast food.  if more people could support a life like that on a low wage position i am sure many would cease to  mooch  off welfare.  nowadays it is hard enough to afford food let alone every other expense.  f you fox	0.0
no he just has a brain.	0.0
was soooo glad that this turned out to be satire....  at this point i can;t always be sure	0.0
by definition an atheist cannot hate god.  how could you hate something you do not believe exists?	0.0
**supremacy clause** and also the  number ^th amendment issue was settled in the landmark case grant v.  lee.	0.0
&gt; but in our country, like it or not, congress has most of the power.  yeah, so she has the most power, then divided by  number  so it is not the most power anymore.  she is the (or very close to) the most progressive senator.   the president is still the world's most powerful person.   there is no sane person who approves of her politics but would rather see her stay in the senate.	0.0
i ask myself this question whenever i think of him.  he is one of the reasons i think the idea of karma is a crock of shit.	0.0
it is not just that.   these people tend to also follow some of the stupidest *political* corners of facebook that make politics about personal insults and identification rather than issues and facts.   i have got a few of these people on my facebook f'list (and some of them even go to my church), and pretty much every time they post news, i facepalm.   it is gotten to the point where i do not even bother citing primary sources to correct them anymore because i do not have the time, and they will not believe 'em anyway.  we will not talk about the one guy who sees nothing wrong with posting both socialist and tea party rhetoric.   he is probably the biggest pariah on my f'list, though, and for a number of reasons that range from petty to  oh hey, that is one hell of a criminal record you racked up between  number  and  number .    to be fair to him, though, he is past the situations that led him to participate in the activities in question.   sadly, while he *is* reformed, those bad calls from his youth will haunt him for the rest of his life.  i mean, i have some tea party folks on my f'list that *do* respond to facts.   but the jesus conservatives just *do not*.	0.0
that escalated quickly.	0.0
we got the same gospel you got.  christ crucified and risen.	0.0
the pope's a christian who has actually read the new testament.  funny that the religious right just started a new push to strengthen support from catholics.	0.0
# go nancy go * # hero *	0.0
so... they purchased these books, which by extension funds further prints of these books, just so they could burn these books thus limiting the potential supply.  and this burning of these books does what exactly, save for leading to more printings of those bibles?	1.0
i would go.	0.0
never, is that soon enough?	1.0
you know, i have no problem with people paying taxes, nor does it bother me that the rich pay  number %.  we all should pay that or less.  what bothers me is when the tax money we already collect is spent on billionaires, military equipment the military begs us to stop buying, and myriad other bullshit that *does not serve the taxpayers* and then they ask for more!	0.0
when was it ever a haven for free speech?	1.0
[this table was posted. ]()	0.0
i love it!  there is lot of people, that may have trouble interacting with other people face to face, but are not afraid to say basically anything on the internet.  why not cherrypick and meet people that like the same ideas as you that go to the same pub or gym as you do.  come on reddit - you should know it is going to be fucking amazing!	0.0
i am not calling him progressive until he at least openly discusses the vatican's policy of covering up charges of child molestation.	0.0
well.. is that really the case?  because i was under the impression they have to vote in the best interests of their voters, not vote for what their voters claim to want right?  if the reality is the voters are so misinformed that what they want, and what is in their best interests are not the same...  should a representative vote in their best interest or for what their ignorant voters are screaming for?  honest question...	0.0
which means a lot of  superior  officers are complicit.	0.0
the city government i work for is doing the same thing... or at least, was until this debacle over obamacare started... and the mayor leaves this week to go work for obama and i have no idea what the next mayor/ city council will do.	0.0
i am an atheist and a very proud graduate of texas a&amp;m.  however this is the hardest part of being an a&amp;m grad.  it has such a religious influence because of the area and the high numbers of catholic (and other christian) students.  i read stuff like this and it makes me cringe.  however, i was a science major at a&amp;m and i never once encountered any sort of religion from any professor or any student.  this needs to stop though.  this guy needs to go teach at liberty or something.  gig 'em!	0.0
 he is got a gun!    that is not a gun, it is a book!    secure the book!    book is secure!  	0.0
back in grade school when i was still a believer this would bother me so much.  christian schools, youth groups, family get-togethers, where ever i was it was always uncomfortable watching people jump at the chance to lead prayer or throwing out prayer requests just to be part of something.  listening to someone use  lord  as a filler in prayer just as you had use  um  or  like .  or, god forbid, when i was  volunteered  for it.  what was i supposed to do?  i know they we are just trying to include me and i do not want to start a debate on the ethics of public prayer right before we eat.  it is not even an obscure verse either.  it is in the first gospel.  you cannot even say that it was only applicable for it is time and place.  like, half of jesus's mission was preaching against the pretentious self righteousness of the religious leaders.  trying to cut through the bullshit and make religion more personal.  to this day it bothers me.  it is like, if you are going to be all religiousy then at least follow your own damn religion.	0.0
why are gmos considered so bad?	0.0
so you need either a google+ account or a youtube channel to comment on videos, but if you make a youtube channel it automatically makes you a google+ account?  they are desperately trying to get people to use google+.  stop it, it is not going to happen.	0.0
i did not even read the story.  but the headline makes me wonder: is there something about lazy black people that makes them immune to criticism?  why are they beyond reproach, but lazy white people and lazy mexican people are not?	0.0
do people not understand how currency and buying power works?  for fuck's sake!	0.0
i could only get to the second page.  the author needs an editor really bad.  i get it, we should be working harder to get political control over the money machine.  tea party bad.  the second half of the first page ended with (possibly) calling the reader a dick.  shorten it, look hard at places where you use a lot of exclamation marks.   your writing style is annoying.	0.0
study: over  number % of americans will re-elect their congressman/men this fall.	1.0
i really wish it we are true, but i am pretty skeptical.	0.0
i am glad there is some reasonable people still around here.   at the same time cruz was filibustering, countless other senators we are meeting with lobbyists or at the bar getting sauced - cruz certainly earned his salary more than they did.	0.0
very creepy.  teachers should get fired for this inane idea.  politics has no place in the classroom.  very jingoistic.	0.0
dollar figure, not % of gdp.  so long as inflation keeps occurring, the deficit is going to trend upwards.  still, they are among the largest deficits as a percent of gdp as well, outside of ww number  and ww number .	0.0
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0.0
this is even worse than the texas roadside ass to vagina episode a while back.   clearly, these cops we are on a power trip as no rational person would go to such lengths to confiscate the amount of drugs mr.  eckert could have possibly been hiding in his rectum.   the fact that a cop can say you we are clenching your buttcheeks and then have such an extensive search done on your person is frightening.	0.0
i am a college professor.  incorrect attribution is not what happened here.   he plagiarized.  i would report him to the university, and he had either get expelled or at least put on academic probation.	1.0
i am starting to think it might be a good idea to organize a response group to deal with people downvoting the new submissions on /r/progressive.  i keep seeing brand new posts downvoted long before someone could have read the article.  in this case, it was within  number  minutes of submitting.	0.0
it is really crazy.  i liked looking at how many countries had debt as greater than  number % of their gdp.	0.0
&gt; my place of employment should be legally allowed to dictate to me how to manage my family?  who is doing that?  are these businesses forbidding their employees to purchase their own contraceptives?	0.0
&gt;sean duffy says the religious freedom and tolerance must continue to be a pillar of our foreign policy.  just not our domestic policy.  that would be against what god wants.	1.0
if memory serves the inventor is cool as fuck as well, used the money to start his own lab to do further development on pretty cutting edge science.  good for him.	0.0
they are cops.  that is the difference.  they will get  number  weeks paid vacation.  are you new in this country?	1.0
they are piggybacking off the you. s.  in  number  ways that make their system work.   number .  they rely on the you. s.  to provide their defense for them, freeing up resources to pay for their social programs.   we are those countries required to provide adequate defense for themselves, you would see quite a few of their social programs be thrown over the side.   number .  the you. s.  creates and invents the vast majority of new drugs, treatments and medical devices the rest of the world uses.	0.0
holy shit!  i just realized i am killing future children right now.   this must be rectified imediately.	1.0
are the people questioning  number d printers because they have not read the article.  i am new, but just asking.  i believe in the power of this.  never underestimate some type of technology.  this happens to be a game changer.  yes, you heard it here first.	0.0
this has been the modus operandi of the gop since obama was elected - it is time to clear out the dance floor.	0.0
i.  am.  mad.  conservatives said this would be what would happen.  obama said everybody who wants to keep their insurance can keep their insurance.  conservatives said that would be impossible.  king barry and his minions called the conservatives liars.  he said over and over that everyone who wanted to keep his own health insurance plan could.  well, this article from the conservative outlet cbs, not only says that millions are going to be forced to give up i hope insurance plan they want to keep, but that king barry and his administration has known that since  number .  stinking m. a. d.	0.0
if this was actually going to make christianity popular, it would have done it the first time around, or the second, or the third...  or you know, any one of the thousands of times throughout history this garbage was brought up and thoroughly debunked.	0.0
whatever faith i might have had in ted cruz is completely, utterly, gone.  he somehow forgets what a democracy means and wants everything his way.  he is like a little kid who threatens to take his ball and go home.  in my book, he has already committed political suicide.  i am sure he will make plenty of bucks on the book and speaking circuit.	0.0
how about staving off decline with christ?  if your church has the exact same values as the rest of the world a crap-ton of restrictions with seemingly no benefit, then why on earth would someone go there?	0.0
you mean like when his union buddies go on strike?	1.0
 from wall street to k street to pennsylvania avenue, we find special interests increasingly exempted and insulated - by law - from the rigors of competition and the consequences of their own mistakes,  lee said.   all of this points to what really is an inequality crisis in america today - a crisis not of unequal wealth or income  but unequal opportunity.  progressives, from the president on down, say that inequality in america today is a failure of the free market, resulting from insufficient government intervention.  but if you look closely, you start to notice, the opposite is true.    good stuff there.	0.0
 remember, these days, liberals can see racism in a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.    now that is funny.	0.0
they got what they wanted from the troops.	0.0
right?  george bush did that for you!	0.0
i am not a fan of abstinence education anyway, but assuming you want it to work...  you know how long telling people * you will definitely get an std the first time you sleep with someone.  * will keep people abstinent?   right up until they work out that you will not definitely get an std the first time they sleep with someone.  you know how long telling people * you have a four times better chance of a happy marriage if you are a virgin when you get married.  * will last?   my guess is until they have asked a couple of searching questions.  and saying that * condoms are only  number % effective.  * and pretending that is nothing (and the  number % rate seems to come from a study where a bunch of participants had not been taught how to use them) is dangerous.  when kids figure out you are lying to them, they are going to stop trusting you.	0.0
it is always struck me as odd, how the libertarians and tea-baggers have almost no respect for intellectual property rights.  i think it is the aversion to  intellect .	0.0
i do not think many people would argue that we should not read the qu'ran.   at most, these articles say:  if you want to understand islam, do not *only* read the qu'ran.   there are a lot of hadiths, and scholarly rulers, history and tradition in islam as well.	0.0
i am so sick and tired of the whole  media cabal  bullshit excuse.   the notion that the solution to the supposed problem is to fire  number % of editors and hire ones you  cannot control  is just plainly stupid.  there are surely sources of news that are better than others.   if you rely on  number -hour cable news channels like cnn, msnbc and fox news as your sole sources of news, then yes - you deserve constant ridicule.   if you get your news from fucking blogspam sites where recycled news is mashed up and force fed back to you, you deserve being ignored.   if you get all your political news from one political perspective, you could not care less about opposing views and it is pointless to engage you in a fact-oriented discussion.   those people are the problem.   they are the ones that resort to making claims of  mainstream media bias  which they use as a security blanket to avoid actual discussion.  but what about us readers who rely on several sources to make our conclusion!?   on syria for example, i read the washington post, guardian, reuters, ap, al jazeera, cnn. com and several other sources.   i heard about the administrations' claims of intelligence implicating the syrian regime, of putin's claims that it was the rebels, i followed the you. n. 's report findings through the washington post.   i followed the story as obama brought it to congress, the pros/cons, the opinion polls, arguments for and against a strike, the videos of children dying from the sarin.   i am more informed these days than ever before, so this disgruntled guys claims ring hollow.   he just comes across as some pissed off guy.   a cynic without a compelling argument.  the point is, i am grateful for all these news sources and am not convinced by indignant people like hersh that they are all  in the pockets of obama.    let me ask you this mr.  hersh:  what publication is your shining example of journalism?   you sure as hell did not say.   who sets the standard on reporting excellence?  well, the guardian lends you credibility by noting **your pulitzer prize. **  you are one of the good guys.   so who else is winning this prestigious prize in the area of international reporting (that he later derides in the article)?  from the past decade:  *  number  - ny times  *  number  - ny times  *  number  - ny times  *  number  - washington post  *  number  - ny times  *  number  - washington post  *  number  - wall street journal  *  number  - new york times  *  number  - la times and newsday  *  number  - washington post  *  number  - washington post  *  number  - dispatch news service (seymour m.  hersh)  so my two most preferred publications (nyt &amp; wp) dominate the pulitzer prize for international reporting.   fire  number % of these editors!?   it is trite nothingness.   any fool can cast stones at an entire profession, but how about he put his money where his mouth is and call out some articles, some editors, some authors?   he indicates a systemic problem but cannot even get close to substantiating it!  seriously, those who agree with mr.  hersh - what news source is your beacon of truth?   what organizations and people are the standard bearers that the rest of the  pathetic  media should aspire to be?   i really want to know, because this type of bullshit generalization is a cheap and empty tactic.	0.0
&gt;we stopped once we got an atv because it was easier and cheaper.  took me awhile to realize you meant apple tv.   you stopped watching movies because you go ride in the woods?  wat??  	0.0
because i have seen this article  number  million times over the past  number  days, i am just assuming she did it for attention, not because she is genuinely a nutjob.	0.0
the video is a little sketchy at first in the way it refers to atheists but it goes on to clarify this point.   she goes from talking about anger at  god  to people who are angry at organized religion which are  number  completely different things.	0.0
landmark in the sense that it conforms to the reality  number % of scientist know to be true.	1.0
&gt;he even says we could eliminate currency, and just barter for things  i would like to see the comment you are talking about because i doubt he would say that.  what he probably said is that we could eliminate the coercive monopoly on currency (e. g.  legal tender laws) and still be able to trade with each other just fine.  he is a voluntaryist, so he is obviously fine with currencies that people use voluntarily (e. g.  bitcoin, private currency, silver) not ones that the government forces you to use.  government forces you to claim your income in dollars and they force you to accept them as payment.  that is a lot different that wanting to do away with currency; an ancap would never say that.	0.0
i would like to see her abolish corporate personhood.	1.0
i think there is some truth to this.  you really have to be divorced from the reality of how religious thought works not to realize that religious conservatism is an incubator for irrationalism and therefore for all sorts of stupidity and ignorance.  it is not a coincidence that people who come from a place of heavy-handed orthodoxy, superstition, and tribalism in religion tend to espouse a particularly irrational, brutal politics.	0.0
now if only he would address his personal issues of pederasty.	1.0
fyi - another identical case just popped up.   number  on your side reveals another traffic stop nightmare . shtml#. unpxag number wltp &gt; our investigation reveals another chapter.  another man, another minor traffic violation, another incident with leo the k- number  and another example of the violation of a man's body.  &gt;police reports state deputies stopped timothy young because he turned without putting his blinker on.  &gt;again, leo the k- number  alerts on young's seat.  &gt;young is taken to the gila regional medical center in silver city, and just like eckert, he is subjected to medical procedures including x-rays of his stomach and an anal exam.  &gt;again, police found nothing, and again the procedures we are done without consent, and in a county not covered by the search warrant.	0.0
they hate us for our freedom.	1.0
so you can easily imagine levels of selfish treachery that did not exist back when top marginal rates we are very high, but you have trouble imagining that visionaries who do not get to keep most of their personal economic gains would continue to innovate?   it sounds to me like the problem is with your imagination, not any particular tax proposal.	1.0
i remember that!   s.  korea, right?   i was in the navy at the time and a few shipmates and i went out drinking after pulling into port there.   do not remember what city though.   anyhow during our bar hopping, some guy hands us a flier like that talking about end-of-world crap and all.   threw it away.   sometime later read about it in stars-n-stripes that the leader was a harold camping type and people (s.  koreans) we are all selling their stuff awaiting the second coming.	0.0
conservative voters in texas are quiet but they always show up to the polls.  texas will not be blue for a long time.	0.0
do not forget the oral sex!	1.0
is it just me, or is the idea of any judge, at any level, deciding any case before them based on there own personal viewpoints utterly ridiculous?  a judges decisions should be made entirely on the facts and arguments presented to them on a case by case basis.  the bench is not a place for judges to inject there own views, political or social or religious or anything.  judges bought and paid for by either political party or big business is what is undermining the very principals this country was founded on and looks to be destroying any future this country has.	0.0
&gt; we need to move on and take whatever we can find in the debt limit.  	
holy shit, do these guys not learn?    hey i pissed on the electric fence over here and it just about blew my dick off, but hey, i bet if i piss on it over *there* something else will happen  .  fucking idiots. 	1.0
impossible.  obamacare kills jobs, i heard it on the talky and the picture box.	1.0
i actually heard greta van whatever complaining on fox (via colbert) that nobody knew what to do and where to go to sign up.   lady, that is your actual job.   that is what the news is actually supposed to be doing.   informing people.   that is like a garbage man not picking up the trash for month and complaining that there is too much trash everywhere.	1.0
id venture to say the 'majority of christians' do not even think that far into it, or have even heard of transhumanism  myself, i do not trust it.  makes me think of  the serpents promise in genesis  number .	0.0
funny how i have been told by democrats to shut my whore mouth every time i predict he will do this type of stuff.   then after the fact, they say his hands we are tied and he had no choice.  one moment he is a flawless god of progressivism and the next he is but a wee victim fighting to keep his head above water.   i wish they would make up their mind.	0.0
i have a cousin working in japan and she recently explained what she went through to register in their single-payer system.  it is very simple and very efficient.	0.0
handcuffed, he was thrown so hard into the back of the vehicle his feet lifted off the ground.    go ask martial artist friends if a person can get beat on using only throws.  or, heck, look it up on the internet.  it is worse if you are receiving the throw untrained and cuffed.	0.0
irony, thy name is mobile site: 	1.0
i thought he had gone down to [ number %] ().	0.0
feinstien is neither r or d.  she is a corporatist.  the corporate state is who she serves.  she has always been well rewarded and will face no state sanctioned punishment unless she publicly challenges it or offends someone who is more powerful.	0.0
i do not wish it on america but i honestly think that until generations suffer from a kind of oppression they will do nothing to prevent it.  we had a generation oppressed in this way.  they got tired of it.  they changed things.  they taught their children to understand the importance of that change.  those children taught their children about it but it was a generation removed.  then those children sort of forgot about it, feeling that progress was made and now those things need not be worried about.  so those children did not really teach their children about it at all.  and now we have a generation that has forgotten entirely.  history may be cyclical for that reason.  sadly, change takes more generations and if the union system vanishes now, it will be quite some time before workers can be free and safe again.  so, no, i do not wish it on us -but it may also be inevitable.	0.0
if i had a ton of money i had turn this into a commercial and have it run in prime time over and over and over	0.0
if one of your kids turn tard or grows a giant tumor.  the public is forced to pay anyway because you cannot afford it.  that will be your choice and you end up in bankruptcy.	0.0
[as opposed to the father of the protestant reformation... ]()	1.0
mmmm.  a-h number n number .	1.0
this is much better (and with much better sources and description from your experience) what i was going to say.  the problem is not that youth ministry is killing the church, it is that using different ministries to separate the church is killing the church into youth, seniors, couples, singles, etc without bringing them back together that is killing the church.	0.0
my job offered this but not enough people signed on so they never implemented it.    you got to pick a day and work  number   number 's the rest of the week, if too many people signed up for one day some would have to pick another day.   i could not do it because i had to pick up my daughter at certain times. now we have flex time and i try to get in at  time  so i can leave at  number .   i wish they would make it total flex time allowing us to work extra and it counts towards the same week or leave early and make up for it the next day.	0.0
great, so who goes to jail?  no one?  so, business as usual.	1.0
i am going to call him up and act like this is the greatest idea in the world and that he is a political genius for doing it..  after i rope him in, hit him with  putting allah in all public schools is amazing!   just to hear him cringe.  if only for my own personal amusement.	0.0
this has nothing to do with it being texas, and everything to do with texas a&amp;m being run by religious nutjobs.   there are many excellent universities in the state of texas that teach science correctly.	0.0
what, now dictator obama can declare what is legal and what is not, and legislation be damned?  rather than saying  obama to allow , it should read  obama not willing to enforce the law, again .	0.0
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me	0.0
wow.	0.0
f- number 's can be equipped with nuclear payloads.  how dangerous do we need our toys?	0.0
hell yeah!  lobsters and doobies for all!	0.0
i am not so sure about that.  i have voted in favor of legalization in every election i was eligible for, but we still have not managed to get enough votes.  this last election was close, but not nearly close enough.	0.0
anyone remember the ozone hole?  until recently when we saw a problem, we fixed it.  same with acid rain, clean water, leaded gasoline, the dustbowl, etc.	0.0
that part really rubbed me the wrong way, too.  apparently the guy actually was gay, but what if he had not been?  the bigotry here is an extra kind of fucked up.	0.0
that has *moms*demandaction. org...	0.0
and both are at the forefront of delusion.	0.0
it is always been optional.  i swore in to the af in  number  and remained silent as the group repeated the god line.   it still made me uncomfortable.  it should be removed altogether.	0.0
people are stupid, but they keep forgetting how stupid they are.	0.0
considering it is a net loss for humans, yes.	0.0
would not california be, um, *part* of america?  and therefore a component of its  exceptionalism ?	1.0
are they?  yes.  should they be?  no.	0.0
pro-tip: do not actually ask your local republican.  the answers will leave you questioning humanity.	1.0
interesting start, however you need a paid membership to read the rest of the article.   dissapointing.	0.0
how do we get the constitution changed so they have a reason to care?	1.0
pat robertson fits the bill for sure.	1.0
he is on a one man crusade to marry them all...	1.0
i  number % agree with chris hedges, and it is very important that you also make your dissent known.   it is time to wake up,before it is really really too late.   right now there is still a small window, but you have to wake up now.	0.0
the problem lies in greed.  if there is money to be made at every step of the way.  it will be made.	0.0
i am a young earth creationist, but i have never truly looked into it.  as far as i know(this is an extremely dumbed-down version), scientists look at rocks and their natural processes today and use that to estimate how old the earth is.  however, they assume that the rocks natural processes we are always like this, and they are not taking in the account of a possible global flood that may have lasted roughly a year(yes, i know if you are atheist you more than likely do not believe this story to be true).	0.0
single payer kills administrative overhead.  no opt out kills stratification.  collective pressure to reduce the cost of services benefits the consumer and the taxpayer.  i think i must be in support of socialized medicine.	0.0
(probably going to be buried, but i need to say my piece)  &gt; second, everyone struggles with hypocrisy, you find it everywhere.  it is just more obvious and glaring in the case of people who despise the ones their religion tells them to love and to help.  christianity i think makes this especially hard.   the  ask  it makes of people is impossibly big - not only should you not sleep with someone else's spouse, you should not even look at them and feel lust; not only should you follow all the rules, but you should also give all you have to the poor; not only should you care for your family, but you should also embrace all those you despise.   so basically, nobody - with the exception of jesus - lived an actual  good  life.  everyone is a sinner.   you cannot possibly live up to the standard set by christian ethics.  at the same time, christianity gives you what is oft interpreted as a  get out of jail free  card.   act like a dick on your commute?  ask god for forgiveness, jesus has paid the price!  feel weird about buying produce picked by teenage migrant workers for below minimum wage?   the poor shall always be with you,  and besides, god forgives you!  you are one of god's chosen!  you will join the saints in heaven!  in some christians, the combination of always-sinner and always-saint produces a [beautiful, human, good for the world]() result.   in some other christians, people figure you cannot help being a jackass so you might as well not feel bad about it.	0.0
&gt; betteridge's law of headlines is an adage that states,  any headline which ends in a question mark can be answered by the word no.    's_law_of_headlines	0.0
you mean they have learned nothing by another public, massive defeat?   shocking.	1.0
citation for the stories that have been  pouring in , please?	1.0
social conservatives want it both ways.  they want women to stay home, to not use bc, to not vote, to stfu.  then they do not want to help those women, complain that they have too many kids, complain about  who is raising  their kids, want to get rid of the minimum wage and on and on. every time one of them tells me about big government my immediate retort is  yes, big government *is* a problem; they are in my *cooch* and in my bedroom  shuts them up right off.	0.0
secular  humynist  lol!	0.0
a lot of people do not realize that there are more options than just a single payer system.  a single payer system would be something like the uk or canada has, but other countries provide near universal coverage through other means.  france and germany still have many private health insurance companies but they provide coverage to all of their citizens.  the biggest problem with american health care is that the insurance companies are for-profit.  administrative costs are often over  number % for insurance companies in america, while in places like france and germany it is only around  number % or so.	0.0
maybe he should create a national board of journalism teachers and give himself accreditation so he can flunk them anyways.	1.0
my concern is that it is not indexed to inflation or the cost of living.  without that, the state legislature will be able to kick the can down the road on minimum wage hikes for as long as they want.  $ number  dollars an hour is not that much.  the federal minimum wage in  number  was $ number .  number  (inflation adjusted), and that does not include productivity gains.  with that included, it would be above $ number /hr.  while i am not one to support a rise to such a level ($ number /hr may be too extreme), i believe a rise to around $ number - number /hr indexed to inflation would be good.  it would also fit with california's historical image of being a leader among the rest of the states.	0.0
[deleted]	0.0
&gt; do not post mean comments, this fellow is genuinely scared of his government  this fellow was **caged** for a year by the thugs you revere.   no shit he is scared, *justifiably so*.   the question is *how come you, presumably an adult, are not scared of people who feel justified in ruining you if you disobey them*?	0.0
also, i am pretty sure surveys have shown that marijuana is easier for kids to currently obtain than alcohol and even tobacco.   if anything, the argument could be made that legalizing marijuana and regulating it would make it harder for kids to obtain.	0.0
assuming that the government will automatically balance itself out is terribly dangerous.   there is little to no indication that the country will ever be able to change anything about the electoral process at this point, even though the two-party system we have has shown to be a staggeringly poor method for representing americans or for preventing corruption.	0.0
that is what i will call my rifle.	0.0
i am not a vietnam vet, but i am an iraq vet and i got out at e- number .   i disagree with this letter strongly.   not that vets day should not be a school holiday, but at going after mlk day.   really?   how petty is that?  i do draw the line at memorial day though.   that is more important to me than veterans day.	1.0
the quick and dirty: [the judge] sentenced carri williams to  number  years in prison.  her husband larry, convicted of lesser charges, was sentenced to just under  number  years.  both terms are well above the standard sentencing range.	0.0
what 'tossoutaccountohio' said.	0.0
so, everyone should love pedophilia?	1.0
this is now officially my favorite novelty account.  [slow clap]	1.0
note: [scientists](. html) [not baffled](. htm).	0.0
bad subject line, incorrect info.  here is an article by pbs newshour on the issues of it not being affordable and ways they are battling it.  . html  obviously single payer might be a better option for massachusetts.	0.0
thanks cbo, but we already saved $ number  billion by taking food out of people's mouths.   we are good.	1.0
his plan is the same as it always has been.  do not get sick.	0.0
considering president obama's first term began in the throes of the great recession and recovery stimulus was compromised down to be less effective, it should have been clear to all from this beginning what the conservative goals we are, and what they we are willing to do to achieve them.	0.0
i think  money in politics  is not the whole problem, and is probably the minor portion of the problem.  the problem, in my opinion, is that politics is a viable career choice in america right now.   rather than running to do the work of the people, politicians run to spend their lives in the senate and enjoy all the power and prestige that comes with belonging to that club, then retire with a huge pension and ridiculous benefits.  governance should be a sacrificial act of public service.   i am not necessarily saying it should be volunteer work, but i think congressional salaries should be **greatly** reduced, fringe benefits (e. g.  health care, retirement pensions, etc. ) should be **eliminated**  and term limits should be implemented.  d. c.  needs to stop being hollywood for ugly people and transform into a meeting place where folks who carry burdens for their communities and this nation come to create or *remove* laws to improve those communities and our nation as whole, and then they should return home to live in the cesspits or havens they created.	0.0
the result is that god is love, and he does everything in love.  the problems that arise where people get really torn down to their very fiber is the people who are unrepentant evil.   in a way it is a glimpse at hell, where everyone is unrepentant evil and there is no love.   god has no mercy on evil, but his people that do evil he eventually has mercy on.   jesus comes around in the new testament and forgives us of our sins.  i do have trouble reading the old testament a bunch like watching a movie where people are doing stupid things, do the right thing!   is what is in your head.    stop being so stupid and evil  you say to yourself.   then you watch as god really tears people down to their core and awful things occur.   god would not have brought them to that point if there was any other way for god is a loving god.   the very cries you have for people in the bible to  stop being so very stupid, sinful, and evil.   is valid for personal reflection though.   it is helpful for resisting personal temptation to take a corrupt path.	0.0
and it has for thousands of years.  it is people like those in this article who are misguided if they think a book by a  number  year old could actually pose a legitimate threat.  a core part of islam is in fact questioning its validity, because if you follow something blindly, you cannot possibly understand it.	0.0
it is not about making up rules as you go along, as if this is some sort of wishy-washy foolishness.   these are very rich, very powerful, and very dangerous people.   this is not spontaneous and it is not coincidence.   the system is rigged, and has been for a long time.   while the public rages back and forth against the other 'team', congress has been quietly implementing baby steps.   now it is out in the open, but is it too late?	0.0
&gt;  it is very difficult, more so in our culture, to be as caring as christ.  it is difficult in *every* culture.  if it was easy, nobody would need to tell people to do it.	0.0
hope they win.   anti abortionism is evil, pure and simple	1.0
seriously, how the hell does she continue to get elected?	0.0
if you are making  art  to get paid, then you are not making art, you are making a product.	0.0
i agree, he is definitely doing what his constituents elected him for.  unfortunately, they elected him based on a lot of hearsay that he himself has contributed to.	1.0
yes but this tactic is not protecting the rights of their minority.  it is hurting them more while taking everyone else with them.	0.0
we have beer.  so yeah.	0.0
he has a bad koch habit.	0.0
yeah, the notion that any party would die is pretty absurd anyway, in the end you just have constituencies shuffle around a bit but the  republican  and  democrat  parties will not go anywhere anytime soon.  i do think that the tea party could die as a result of this though, or at least be cut off from the mainstream republican party that they have latched onto.   the problem is that the fringe tea party members in the public seem to think that they really are the majority, but since they are not they are likely to overstep the bounds of public opinion like they are currently doing with the shutdown over obamacare.   the mainstream republicans are trying to bail them out right now to cover their own ass but i think once the republicans lose the next presidential election due to all the infighting in their party spurred on by the tea part that they will stop placating the tea party and start fighting it for real.   if they are smart they could shun the tea party and make them the right wing party to the democrat's left wing party while presenting the classic mainstream republican party as the moderate party.	0.0
augusta national received pressure for years because they wanted a men only club.   there was not any restriction on who could play just who could be members and women could not leave it alone.	0.0
a $ number k deductible is a lot better than a $ number k bill when you get cancer.	0.0
there are plenty of them, do not worry.  i think she is just surprised that there is one in the public zeitgeist that does not.	0.0
this needs to go viral.	0.0
yes, expand the pyramid scheme...	1.0
seriously.  i would not describe hannity (which my phone autocorrected to ham mitt) as being destroyed in this video.  he was not even made speechless.  i would say the video should be called  athirst does not get flustered by sean hannity .	0.0
[why is the font so small...? ](. gif)	0.0
here's the definition from the article:  egonovism is the belief in a god and/or a religious structure that is not determined by holy text, organized religion, or religious leaders.  it is the egonovists themselves who determine the religious doctrine.  essentially, they make up the rules, and they decide how to follow them.  it is likely that a statistically large number of self-identified christians fall into the egonovism category.  they may not even be aware of it, but they have reconstructed christian doctrine in a way that makes sense to them.  ignoring some parts deemed bad or irrelevant, embracing other areas containing relevant wisdom, and then filling in the blanks with their own ideas.  it is not just christians who do this; people from every major religion living in western society do the same thing.  	0.0
you can call me diamond.	0.0
does not matter what he claims he does for a living.  when you say you believe that all the species on the planet we are represented on a boat that according to him is some  number  feet long, you are a very simple human being.	0.0
effective camouflage patterns are not bullshit.   i think ucp (the grey/green digital pattern) was bullshit and somebody probably lined a pocket or two in the process.   but a corrupted system should not force soldiers to wear substandard equipment, especially equipment that highlights their position to armed opponents.  second point.   the camouflage pattern that the army is looking to adopt over ucp is already employed in afghanistan by the army and the air force.   the money has largely been spent, now it is just spreading it to the non-deployed army.	0.0
&gt;$ number , number  fine  it is insane that one of the largest businesses in the world would refuse to pay this, but it is walmart.  is anyone surprised?	1.0
&gt;reading the bible should not make anybody an atheist.  the bible never tries to prove that god exists.  it takes god's existence as true.  i dunno.  i think there are plenty parts of the bible that are construed as *arguments*.  hell, there is a sense in which *any claim that is made about the world* is an argument.  and there is some evidence that ancient texts (in the hebrew bible and elsewhere) we are written to advance a particular theological view (or even to argue that [insert phenomenon] was in fact not a natural event, but a divinely-sanctioned one).  i mean, nowhere is this sort of  argumentation  any clearer than in the epistles of paul.  while in some places he assumes an audience familiar with certain aspects of judaism, we know that his churches we are significantly gentilic.  he would have to totally convince them of the reality of a deity that they did not previously embrace/believe in ( ever since the creation of the world his eternal power and divine nature, invisible though they are, have been understood and seen through the things he has made ).  in acts, the author has paul challenging epicurean and stoic philosophers, and trying to *convince* athenians to embrace the gospel.  further, the gospels themselves are structured and have many motifs that we are meant to appeal to gentiles (to the extent of downplaying jesus' judaism).	0.0
sea-tac and seattle are not the same place just so you know and that will not effect seattle workers as the headline implies.	0.0
standard stuff here, nothing new.   same old flawed foundations supporting poor arguments.   he  owns  himself, so he is somehow self-sovereign and all humans ought to respect that asking nothing in return.   so he has a right to what he gets and no obligation to give in return.   standard libertarian nonsense.	1.0
i have never seen this man as progressive, but you have to admire his political skills.  the fact that he can put himself in such a light is indicative of his adroit manipulation of politics.  if only he used that ability for good...	0.0
a similar study was mentioned in the god delusion.  ---religious &amp; non-religious students we are equally likely to cheat, but when the religious ones we are put *together*, they became more likely to cheat after seeing one of their own do it.  that effect was not seen among non-religious people.  it is an example of how group-think can pervert ethics.	0.0
&gt; number  percent of the public believes scientists falsify global warming data  whaa i do not even...	0.0
the gop is getting snot hammered in the local media and by the business community down here.   no surprise fl repugs are jumping ship.   if they do not get something done on immigration before  number  it is going to be bloody, gerrymandering or not.	0.0
it ruined paul ryan's childhood because he is still a very confused little eddie munster.	0.0
and they have always been there and always will be, and obamacare did not change that.   but there are no *government* death panels, which is what all the fear mongering was about prior to the passing of the bill.	0.0
it would make too much sense to connect all major us cities by rail.  i think that the airlines and car companies would lobby heavily to make sure this never happens.  looking at which cities the highspeed was supposed to connect, it seems it was destined to fail.	1.0
he is nice because he is canadian.	0.0
yeah because obama is not at all a communist.   he also has not focused his entire life, including jobs, friends, mentors,  religion  and education exclusively around it.   he is a just a regular, good old capitalism loving, american patriot.	1.0
who is writing this trash?  pushing what agenda, exactly?  i am a new yorker, and in my life experience, among my many friends and family all i can say is ....  really??  really?!?  what a common, low, trite lie.  the  bigot  as straw man ....  yawn.	0.0
i am actually confused by the statement that this article makes saying that the  stand-your-ground law  had nothing to do with trayvon martin's trial.   although i am aware that the defense did not explicitly claim that zimmerman's actions we are legal under the stand your ground law, i was under the impression that he did not have to.   my understanding was that because of the law, george zimmerman's decision to pursue and confront martin did not disqualify him from claiming self-defense.   i had thought that without the law, zimmerman's decision to pursue and confront martin would have prevented him from using a self-defense claim, because he had decided to put himself into a dangerous situation despite an opportunity to avoid conflict.	0.0
hmmm...   number  hours, and no liberal response, yet?   unusual.	0.0
fucking ignorant rednecks.  fucking ignorant rednecks everywhere.	1.0
this is about how i read it.   the author is saying  [some argue that if the past is any guide,] white voters will not vote for a black candidate.    which was true until obama.   not that most white voters we are necessarily racist, they we are just more predisposed to identifying with the white candidate.	0.0
i would rather see her in a leadership position in congress with a strong whip rallying the democrats behind her.	0.0
for ~$ number , fuck that price.  i love the shoes, but  number  is just fucking stupid.  for  number , they better personally deliver my shoes in bubble wrap to my bedside.	0.0
what a fraud	0.0
well in a way it is true...  but it is like saying that the works of einstein inspired the creators of the nuclear bomb and that therefore relativity is a false theory or something.	0.0
i am surprised i am admitting this.  when i was  number , i almost commited suicide.  or at least i mentally tried.  i was home with my older brother.  he was playing video games or something.  i had a large cooking knife (think chuky) in my hand, debating stabbing my stomache.  my rationale was that because in the mormon religion, until you are baptised at  number , all sins are forgiven.  i kept thinking it was my golden ticket into heaven.  i knew suicide was wrong, but i was too young to be held accountable, so yah!  i do not remember why i did not do it to be honest.  i just kept thinking, well, even though my family will be sad, when they get to heaven, we will be back together.  and killing myself at  number  just seemed like the quickest and surest way there.  i guess i chickened out.  now as a very happy atheist, it still sends chills down my spine how close i probably got... but who knows, i probably would have stopped as soon as the knife scratched me, because scratches hurt.  ninja edit	0.0
but is he really going after mlk day or the fact that kids really should get off for presidents day and veterans day?  growing up my mother would let me stay home on presidents day every year if i wrote a paper on a president and gave it to my teacher.  i love history so it was kinda fun to do as a kid and i learned a little something they would not have taught me otherwise.	0.0
please give him something to keep him in the us, we do not need him back in the uk.	1.0
&gt; jesus died for the broken, the woman raped and the pastor.  also the rapist.	0.0
until the next office suite.	0.0
only to keep them from being embarrassed, because they are such obvious moral failures they would rather have privacy while they find their bootstraps to pull themselves up with.	1.0
american jews have pretty much never supported israel in lockstep.  rather, their support base in the states comes from the born again christians and evangelicals.	1.0
a few days ago is the first time i ran into an actual person that believed this.  now she was uncertain and inquisitive and said that what she had heard was from her republican father but still.  she had said,  the republicans have been trying to negotiate with obama but he has kept denying them.  	0.0
this assumes warren runs, but i am not sure she will.	0.0
if she has aides that update it for her, they could be on furlough.	0.0
where are those liberal concern trolls at now saying this is actually a republican/conservative idea	0.0
a prosperity gospel preacher in a mega-church turns out to be corrupt?  what next, is someone going to tell me that jorge bergoglio is a papist?	1.0
bullshit	0.0
really glad to see this made it to /r/politics despite the odds.  must read.	0.0
of course this is only an issue in republican states.  when michigan passed its voter id law, not a single democrat came here ranting and raving some bullshit about racism.	1.0
we could also destroy tax havens, get rid of various corporate tax write offs/loopholes, and actually tax the rich, so they can contribute towards a better quality of life for themselves and their fellow citizens.  but nope, fox will find this and run reports saying  obama would rather save the planet in this false climate science crusade, than save the taxpayer dollars!  	0.0
we could solve poverty in this country easily if we wanted to: with a [universal basic income]().  it is an idea worth spreading, so tell a friend (or ideally, lots of friends).	0.0
lol i read this a the  colbert report  and was like damn, legit stephen.	0.0
on a related tangent, i have said the same thing; i can foresee a new type of commercialized government where all citizens are also employees of the company.  i reckon it will present itself first when we land on mars (coz you know that shit will be done by a private company) and therefore everyone on mars will be employees.  homes will be all sleekly product designed and town hall would be an apple store or whatever.	1.0
for a sub disappointed with obama, r/politics seems really eager to vote for administration employees.	1.0
speculation before the race was that a lot of people who lean democrat might sit out this election because of a lack of enthusiasm for mcauliffe.  since turnout is never high for these elections, small swings in just how many people care enough to get out to the polls can have a big effect.  paradoxically, when it comes to exit polls, people who describe their party affiliation as none or independent are not necessarily the least partisan or most informed voters.  cuccinelli's *name* dominated the discourse even if most of it was negative.  this was basically a race between cuccinelli and not-cuccinelli.	0.0
the problem comes when the  personality  some ascribe to jesus is utterly, completely counter to everything he taught us.  when people who want to worship a schoolyard bully jesus rant about  pansies  they are not simply behaving counter to jesus' teachings themselves, they are pretending that jesus was the exact opposite of what he taught.  i have had people in this subreddit argue that protesting a wedding like a bargain basement fred phelps is acting christlike.  you cannot separate the unloving actions from the hateful personality some want to ascribe to our lord.	0.0
people will use the word of god and twist it to suit their own because.  every group, every denomination, always have, always will.  why?  because we are fallen.  we are helpless, sinful, scared little children who either abhor change or get mad when people tell us we are wrong.	0.0
i saw another thread on this so i am just regurgitating what i read there.   apparently the people responsible for this study said they we are about  number % sure this study was accurate.   had something to do with p's and q's or q's and r's.   if someone wants to explain it to me i would be happy to learn.	0.0
i am actually surprised nbc is running this story.	0.0
sounds like the complete opposite of catholicism.	0.0
scary is not it?   they altered the house rule on oct.   number  and we are just hearing about it now.   i hope it keeps getting reposted.	0.0
and that would make you a homophobic, regressive douche bag with a gay child.	0.0
sorry but this article is.... meh.  it is the same arguments against sola scriptura that have been rehashed over and over again. we would not know what the nt canon is without the church!  [response](. html? m= number )  the author also uses the standard  the bible says hold to the traditions!   there is no compelling evidence that the apostles taught or believed in the assumption of mary other than sola ecclesia (the church says so).  this is really sola scriptura vs sola ecclesia.	0.0
&gt;but the long-term political effects of a successful clinton health care bill will be even worse--much worse.  it will relegitimize middle-class dependence for  security  on government spending and regulation.  it will revive the reputation of the party that spends and regulates, the democrats, as the generous protector of middle-class interests.  and it will at the same time strike a punishing blow against republican claims to defend the middle class by restraining government.  - bill kristol in  number , explaining why hcr is political death for the rs.  eta: great article on how bill kristol started the r long slide into obstructionism.   . html	0.0
i do not agree.   the great tyrants and conquerers are every bit as diverse as you might expect humans to be.   napoleon, nero, and charlamagne we are all very different individuals.	0.0
they know deep down that it is insubstantial, and that is why they feel insecure about letting kids think about it.	0.0
too much of the purported  left  seems stuck in a tedious oppositionalist rut, rhetorically weaseling for narrow sectarian splinter  vanguard  hegemony...  but then, the real left does not call for electoral boycott, here and now, in the us, going into the  number st century.  nobody's perfect in every regard.  without going into the substance of purported  left  critique of brand, i have my own analysis as to why is he is very substantially incorrect, despite being somewhat correct, more or less, in his critique of capitalism, and of it is main claim to fame,  democracy , such as we now know it.  while correct in many regards, he is simply, politically, incorrect, to advocate electoral boycott, in my analysis.  those who do so, from a purported  left  position tend to believe it is better for the extreme right to prevail electorally, based on a  theory  that the draconian conditions guaranteed to ensue from that will ultimately goad the masses into rising up to overthrow capitalism altogether... while voting in bourgeois reformists, they say, will only serve to  lull the masses to sleep , thinking  it is all good now , thus preserving capitalism.  this rationale gave us hitler, nixon, reagan and bush(s)... and  number .  it has failed to produce revolution, anywhere, but it has indeed ushered in moar draconian rightwing anti-democratic counter-revolutionary policies, ruining the lives of millions of people all over the world, and suppressing revolutionary popular democratic struggle for generations.  i also take issue with the premise that  mere  bourgeois reforms lull us to sleep, or fool us into thinking capitalism is all better now, heh.  reforms only get our nose open for moar.   give us an inch, and we will take a mile.  what better arena to press the contradictions of capitalism, and bourgeois  democracy ?  a mass electoral uprising, to purge and suppress the right, from now on, would be a good thing, seems to me.  which, of course, is why the right is freaking out, over our first black muslim  socialist  democrat  fascist  prez, heh, who seeks to impose the popular democratic will against the  freedom  of racist, sexist, eco-raping rightwing reactionary conservative fundamentalist monopoly corporate fascist murderous ripoff pigs... who are now the ones calling for civil war, lol.  the right recognizes that should a more viable democracy emerge, it will ultimately mean the death of capitalism as we now know it, and of it is moribund form, fascism.  i think they see the writing on the wall more clearly than do much of the purported  left , in this regard.  but it is not over yet.  the struggle continues.	0.0
this article gives a glimmer of hope, sure, but the reality of the situation is grim.  third party informers (the ones mentioned in the article are only active in houston) can only do so much.  my so works for the state health department and not only do they know nothing about how to help people get connected or sign up for the aca, a federal training program was scheduled for their department but the governor's office called them the day before the training session and told the department that they we are not allowed to attend.  presumably, anyone who attended would be fired.  so, the health department does not have anyone capable of connecting people with the benefits that the aca offers, nor will there ever be anyone in a state gov position that even knows where to start due to forced lack of training.  make no mistake, there will be no progress (as the article hopes for) as long as the governor uses all the power he has to keep the people in a position to help confused and ignorant.	0.0
the republicans can go fuck themselves.	0.0
genius.	0.0
sounds good to me, will not happen.	0.0
random and semi-relevant: mark warner used to be governor of virginia and almost everyone loved him.  i lived in a strongly republican part of va and they had nothing bad to say about him.  they we are all mad he did not run for president in ' number .	0.0
so much for the hippocratic oath	1.0
we approach this...  who says these few have rights to it and laws protecting them and only them when we have nothing and our children starve hopeless.  fuck that.  hunt the rich, take what you need.  they have no more right to it then the kings, the despots, the greedy of old.  they have no exclusive right to the life, health and wealth of this planet that supersedes yours.  take what you need for your family by any means necessary.  the boundaries of social justice and sanity are breaking.  the republican ideology, its religion, its policies are altogether suicide for us as a nation.  the last  number  years prove that clearly.  their actions today scream that from rooftops.  the younger generation should clue into that and react extremely to what has been going on.  wake up, make noise and start fucking voting in the millions.  and right fucking now.	0.0
the feeling of that game that you waited  number  years to get since it announcement kind of feeling makes people buy new consoles, cannot blame them.  though i do not see any lower price coming in  number  months except for the xbone.  generally, this has been the cheapest next gen consoles.	0.0
i think it is great for teachers to be unionized, but what are teachers unions doing to fight for more qualified teachers?  it seems like they work to protect everyone equally.  the only metric of teaching the unions are willing to accept are faculty politics.	0.0
if you are under  number % of the federal poverty level you do not qualify for a subsidy.  if your state did not expand medicaid you do not qualify for that.  you are sol.	1.0
mitch was doing a petty good job of that himself.	1.0
people like this disgust me.  and also the ones who is child dies because they pray over them when they are sick instead of getting them some basic medicine.  certain people are not intelligent enough to be parents.  they are freakshows and removing them from society is the best thing for the safety of kids who have no way to escape their parents twisted ways.	0.0
let me explain why.   maybe you should sit down for this....   because evil always triumphs in the end.   that is why.	0.0
no they cannot.	0.0
could someone please explain #  number  * on the list? i do not really understand what a purpose driven christian lifestyle is and i am also wondering how this type of lifestyle denies true repentance?	0.0
i hope the democratic party is sending this guy wine and roses.	0.0
we could create a website that has an embedded youtube video player, then just change all of the other elements.  it would require a web crawler to search youtube, a new comment section and a way to suggest/search for videos on the site.	0.0
&gt; charles and david koch are both members of the .  number %.  that is a group of twenty individuals who **have a total net worth of over a half-trillion dollars, about $ number  billion each**.  i did not trust a numerical analysis from someone who things that $ number  billion = over half a trillion dollars, so i checked the numbers.  using the figures from the the excel spreadsheet they link to, they gained $ number  billion in wealth together ($ number  billion each).  that is almost $ number .  number  million a day, $ number .  number  million an hour, $ number .  number  thousand an hour, or $ number  a second.  the article says that the food stamps are for $ number .  number  a meal, so per year that is $ number .  number * number * number , or $ number .  number .  therefore, it would take them  number .  number  seconds to feed her for the year if they we are to split her food stamps bill.  this is absolutely shocking by itself.  getting the numbers so wrong totally discredits the criticism, though, and that is a real pity.  (note that i am not checking the base figures that the article provides, but i am not convinced they are accurate given how careless the author is with the calculations.  also, if i have made a stupid mistake here, i had love to know!  if so, i will confess idiocy and apologise unreservedly! )  edit: i just saw a txt doc that they linked to that says that he is basing it on a  number  week working year and  number  hours a week.  this does not make sense to me given that the money gained was an increase in wealth from investments, not salaried income.	0.0
just when you write a paper in college, you have to examine the textual evidence.  penn jillette had a pretty good review of the evidence and he basically said that the mountain of things that obama has actually said and the fact that he was a member of that chicago church for so long has to be weighed against speculation.  sure, he grew up in a secular home, he is exceptionally bright, and there is plenty of political motivation and coercion that would lead someone to fake religious belief for gain, but unless you are a mind reader, you have to base your evaluation on the textual evidence.  i *want* to believe that obama is actually an atheist, but the evidence says otherwise.	0.0
if you just look at the whole majority of obama/dem voters it is either youth voters with not a care in the world except for getting free shit and partying, or adults which tend to have loose morals, have done their fair share of drugs, and live in san francisco.  i personally know a person who voted for his bullshit based solely on the premise of him giving away free birth control.  the new age on the rise in this nation is concerned more about the new iphone and kanye west's baby then their own rights and healthcare.  the way this nation is heading no wonder nations like china and india are taking our prosperity and economic growth, the west has become a place where people would rather fork out money to others to get their problems solved, instead of rolling up their sleeves and working, or at least trying.  to give you a story, i had a chinese roommate in school who was attending college here in the us.  now across the hall from us was a room with your normal college students, perhaps even smarter.  now he offered anybody who could do his physics homework $ number  to complete it, and who took the challenge, yes my chinese roommate; who finished it in about  number  minutes.  it just goes to show you the mentality shift in this nation, we would rather spend then care, whether that goes for health care, labor, goods, etc.  sorry about the rant, but if you think about the big picture it all ties into each other.	0.0
no religious orginization is exactly squeaky clean...  especially when it comes to history.	0.0
i think this subreddit has turned into a place where you would post anything that would interest an average atheist.  which is not as bad as this subreddit was when people started doing the  faces of an atheist  pictures or the massive circle jerks.	0.0
cannot stand obama.   agree with him here  number %.  i am guessing one of the aides had to pull him aside after this.   umm... mister president.... yeah.... ummmm....  	1.0
agreed.  very impressive that he does not want to patent it either, guy seems like the real deal.  honestly though, i wish he would, so he would have more money to make whatever else he wants to.	0.0
not sure if /r/conspiracy or /r/conservative	0.0
so do it.	0.0
i must have played  number  hours of crazy taxi, then.......	0.0
good luck, starting your driver-less car with out a google plus account :)	1.0
you joke, but this kind of thing happened before...  in the  number s.  specifically, mining companies would build towns around their mines.  a perk of working for the company was that you could live in the town.  the company was the town government, and they ran all of the stores.  it was awful.  (look up company town and scrip)	0.0
 it will never be pretended that any persons employed in that service [making the constitution] had any interviews with the gods, or we are in any degree under the inspiration of heaven  -john adams	1.0
as a federal employee, i am sick of being treated as a bargaining chip by bickering politicians.  just wish they would realize that they would realize they are screwing with real peoples' lives.	0.0
i wish there was someone/a group of people out there who we are good enough to do this kind of shit right back to them.   crash their servers, infect their computers, tap into them...  you know, just completely disable them to match their own unconstitutional behavior and stop them.	1.0
struggling to see the racism through the crazy.	0.0
i thought mitt would have been a good president for this country at this time.  but those predictions were not all that remarkable.  they we are more likely inevitable outcomes.  the fact that the media mocked him about it was the absolutely incredulous aspect of this.  their bias knows no bounds.  they attacked him on his foreign policy tour even though the vast majority of the things he did and commented on we are straight up facts or made sense.  what we could argue is if romney's solutions would have actually averted these problems.  at the very least we know he actually had solutions and knew there we are problems, obama had none.	0.0
you are not alone.  i consider the democrats a center-right party, and the gop fascist religious fucks.  i hope we see a progressive party begin to challenge the dems from the side of reason.	0.0
well, to me the immediate problem is that it is faulty to view god as a being among other beings.  god is more like being-itself.  thus by definition you cannot really have a god-eating-penguin.  however, this statement is ridiculing the  you cannot prove god does not exist  argument, which is a bad argument so i do not mind this statement that much.  *shrugs*	1.0
medical personal are named in the lawsuits.  so yes, they are in legal trouble.  hopefully it sticks.	0.0
nice.	0.0
do not they need it the most?	1.0
this would not be an issue if he just cited his sources instead of trying to claim that the ideas are his own.  intellectual dishonestly like this just screams that he (or whoever does his writing) is just being lazy.	0.0
i will speak as the devil's advocate here.  the area where i live is predominantly catholic and predominantly conservative, so i will be speaking to catholics here.  the hate for the aca is palpable here in the affluent philly suburbs.  yet when i explain to these catholics who are also opposed to abortion and gay marriage because of the church's teachings that pope francis in accordance with years of catholic social justice teachings stated that healthcare is  inalienable right  and a  moral responsibility  of the gov't.  so, i pose this question to you, how do conservatives go along with the church's stance (assuming you are catholic) that healthcare is an inalienable right and the responsibility of the government and yet still oppose the aca?  and if you are not catholic, surely you realize that jesus would have helped out the least in our midst.  i also do not want to imply that religion should be the moral compass for us as americans.  even if you are an atheist or agnostic, protecting and providing for those who are less fortunate than us is something that we should be proud to do and actively encourage to ensure a successful society.  disclaimer: nobody said the aca was perfect.  president obama has never said that the aca is perfect.  i support delaying it a year to give the government the chance to work out the kinks in the system.	0.0
it is amusing to me when atheist try to convince me that paying taxes is what god meant by helping the poor.  if they are especially ignorant they will say something like  remember how jesus said to render unto caesar...?  	0.0
this joke is so boring now.  i am surprised when i do not see it posted about any piece of computer hardware news.	1.0
this whole thing is embarrassing.  i honestly believe the republican's thought they had a foolproof gameplan.  some team of consultants and strategists sat around in a room filled with yes-men and went through all the numbers and tactics that they could think of to use this to make them look like heros.  eventually they all agreed on this brilliant plan, they would stage some photos, spin it around as the dems refusal to work with them, then finally get what they want and look like a party that can get things done.  now it is just all falling apart in front of them.  sure their fox news viewers are on their side, but those average american voters are looking at them like they are idiots.  wow.  it is rare to see such a political melt down.  i figured the republican divide was going to happen within the next  number  years, but maybe we will get it sooner.	0.0
not sure why people are all up in arms about the title.  religious references almost always over shadow anything else that surround it.  that, and if you actually read the very short article, it is clear the whole biblical method of rearing the child was the focus.  i think the homeschooling tid bit is just there to show how controlling these parents we are at all times, and why the child never had a chance to get help from a typical source, like a teacher.  none of this has a negative stigma to homeschooling in general.	0.0
feinstein is a complete tool, any  reforms  from her are likely utter rubbish.	0.0
do not forget the democrat's internal memos where they revealed their true justification for blocking estrada: his ethnicity.  as a hispanic conservative, he was on the fast track to the supreme court, and they could not let the republicans be the first to appoint a hispanic judge.  completely immoral, but i guess that is to be expected of the democrats at this point.	0.0
a sad day in conservative circles; he made our job so easy.  you do not have to prepare a cogent argument when this moron is presenting the other side.	0.0
how is he going to  cut off our healthcare?   he could cut off the exchanges and make it slightly harder for us to find insurance.  but there is no such thing as federal health insurance.  the public option does not exist.  that was the basically one-sided compromise that democrats that netted them zero extra support from republicans.  but if i buy my insurance from a private company through the exchange, how exactly is obama going to take that away from me?	0.0
if only they had worked harder and gotten a third job, they would have been millionaires.	1.0
they are all  worthless  unless you have the money to pay what the insurance does not - *after* paying for the insurance!  that is not a phenomenon that started with the health care act.	1.0
i hope it does not need food stamps..	1.0
children are more sensible.	1.0
i assume it is because the secret service still uses some of the same tactics for securing a location.	0.0
so they waste billions a year that cannot be accounted for **and** penny pinch by pirating software?	0.0
so it is the same policy toward illegal aliens.	1.0
aah, the 'othering' process in action.  i think there are quite a few terms in the article that require definition- 'bible-believing' for example.  the word 'christian' covers a massively diverse array of people across centuries and continents.  it seems as though what the writer is getting at is the idea of cultural or nominal christianity.  i am not sure why we need a new word for it, if anything it is unhelpful in terms of dialogue.  also, everyone reinterprets the bible in a way that suits their culture, whether they are aware of it or not.  there is no such thing as a pure, timeless, culturally untainted bible believing christian- is not that why we need grace?  i am reliant on god for my salvation, not the perfection of my doctrine?	0.0
the only thing i see wrong is the fact that the  kansas city rescue mission pretty much waited until the last minute to tell them they cannot volunteer.  that is a pretty crappy thing to do, if they knew a month ago when they asked then they could have organized something themselves.  other then that it is perfectly understandable why they do not think that the atheists volunteers would be a good fit.  as a an atheist i would also have an issue handing out food stuffed with religious pamphlets.	0.0
we have always been a target, and with  number  around the corner, this sub will be a destination for all of reddit's troglodytic progressive asshats.	0.0
not everybody has access to transportation!  especially the type of people who get abortions the most often (underclass).  it is not your responsibility to restrict other people's choices.	0.0
it has bad, approval among black americans has fallen to a staggering   number .  number %. 	1.0
i am kind of confused by his post.   and while my healthcare. gov application has been stuck for a month now at the view eligibility results  stage  	
in other words, he has no insurance.   he says he can pick up the phone, etc, but he has not done so yet.   he is assuming he can still apply and that there will be no problems there as well.   perhaps he should finish enrolling first before he says how great it is to be covered? 	0.0
would you be having this problem if it we are a conservative pres?	0.0
this is all part of a broader conspiracy amongst the seeker-driven movement to make public urination a religious hate crime.	1.0
i think you might be wrong there.  i find that a growing number of progressives (maybe this is just withing my micro-chasm of the community) are very opposed to corporate welfare.  i had like to hear all of your thoughts on this.	0.0
i think we are just going to see more republicans in general, spanish, black, white, asian, they all know that obama is a fuck up.	1.0
i could get behind that.  they make beer for members, sell it to help support their church, and part of the money they bring in goes to the community.  but god still does not exist.	1.0
i now tell people that they are making  the wealthy  pay for this.  when they realize they are footing the bill, i turn and say  congratulations!  you are wealthy!!!  	1.0
[deleted]	0.0
perhaps because the whole thing was koch brothers astroturf?	0.0
free beer?   hmmm... that just might get me into a church.	0.0
sabotage?	0.0
the amazing fact is that fans of right wing radio, tv, etc. , who are mostly upper middle class, actually believe that the  rich  do create jobs and wealth for the middle class. these suckers only need to pull out a  number - number  year old paystub, and the one from last week to see the proof.  cost of living has gone up  number - number % for the average middle class family, depending on where you live------and they still do not get it. goebbels said if you tell a lie consistently, it becomes truth. good article.  i have been saying this for years.  it is in the  number % best interest to share the wealth, but  number % of them do not. oh well.	0.0
well, back to firefox then!	0.0
in other words, our beliefs make more sense when you are drunk.	0.0
warren  surges  to  number  percent support vs.  clinton's  number  percent.  biden at  number  percent.  i absolutely love senator warren, but come on...  this title is more than a bit premature.	0.0
and  number  years ago a kid would be terrified to let their parents read their diary.  the web is not the problem, nor are the parents.  the fact of life is that kids do things their parents do not like, and no matter how those things are recorded kids would always prefer some privacy.	1.0
but we know that we would.  we have had marginal rates at that level in the past and our rockefeller's, carnegie's and edison's all stayed.  and people still flooded into this country and tried to be worthy of those high tax rates.	1.0
i do not even get this kind of argument.  even if hitler had been inspired by darwin this does not mean evolution is false.	0.0
it is alright guys, they got bored and we are distracted by boobs.  true story	1.0
washington, d. c.  surpasses new york, l. a.  as fastest growing region of wealth . html   number  of the  number  richest counties in d. c. 	1.0
not enough natural ghz for gaming.	0.0
hitler was not an atheist.   stalin and mao i will give you.   but not hitler.   hitler was raised christian and retained most of his christian beliefs throughout his life.   he also happened to be batshit crazy so i am not even going to say that his christianity caused or facilitated his atrocities.   but he was not an atheist.   i will not budge on that.	0.0
and also, do people forget bush already?  i know he had some terrible progressive policies in office but before he ran, he was definitely viewed as a strong conservative.  he had that texas mentality, southern draw, supported low taxes, strong on defense, etc.  even with the media constantly attacking him, he still won reelection.  and do not forget reagan.  go look up his  number nd presidential numbers and see how many electoral votes he got.  you will think its a typo.	0.0
it surprises me that republican congressmen use visual aids like this.  it just seems to be contradicting their talking points essentially telling obama to butt out and concentrate on foreign affairs, leaving domestic issues to congress.  but then they spend hours on the floor complaining about him negotiating with foreign leaders instead of acting as a liaison between democrats and republicans in congress.  i just wish republicans would pick one or the other and run with it.  *edit for grammar	1.0
. html? m= number #!	0.0
absolutely right.	0.0
so the ends justify the means?	0.0
there needs to be a baseline for those surveyed.   i am sure the bulk of the  number % are individuals that pay little to no attention to domestic affairs and policies.  asking if they approve of obama's handling of the health policy is the same as asking them if they like obama.	0.0
jesus christ, she still exists?	1.0
obama is a center right moderate and he gets painted as a left wing radical.  if they are going to call whoever we nominate a radical, why not actually nominate a real liberal?	1.0
i am still trying to figure out the goal with this ad.   is it to persuade women to  get between the covers  with more strange men?   is it to get men to see women as more wanting of casual encounters?   the  got insurance  seems secondary to the sexual motivations it points to.	0.0
she is not quiet, she is not revolutionary, and she is not going to run in  number 	1.0
three questions:   number .  did their previous insurance provide access to  family planning ?   number .  does the benefits package for executives cover  family planning ?   number .  does a multi national corporation with headquarters in pakistan have the right to place their american employees under sharia law?  inquiring minds want to know.  i will believe corporations have a soul when one is given last rites just before texas executes it.	1.0
poor people need food, not paul ryan.	0.0
awesome.   having worked midnight shift, i know the world does not quiet down for you during the day.   wish i had thought of a sign like this.	0.0
so basically they use a two minute edited version, which is only his introduction.	0.0
cool, we can keep the governorship and take her congressional seat!	0.0
there are already a number of alternatives called  alt-coins .   there are usually based off of bitcoin itself with different tweaks.   if those tweaks make them better then bitcoin, they could become worth more.  however, currently bitcoin has a huge lead in terms of the network effect, meaning lots of people are involved in mining, owning and using bitcoin.   they already have software and infrastructure in place to work with bitcoins, so it would take some effort for them to move to a different crypto currency.  it could happen, but there would need to be a very good reason.	0.0
cosponsors:  number   :/	0.0
i have long been a supporter of voting for moderates because, well, the democrat option would have been worse.  i will vote for the lesser of  number  evils.  and i have been burned every single time.  too long have i ignored principle in favor of  winning elections.   and the mindset that,  it is all about winning elections,  is why politicians are such shitty people.  my vote is no longer given out to people with an r after their name.  from now on, it must be earned.  if that means losing elections, so be it.  but if you ever want the republican party to get its act together, we need to throw out the progressives.	0.0
they also view it as a one way street and decry the  war on christmas  so you know its also bullying christians to disagree with them too.	0.0
crap.  fica is more than ss payouts, so even if fica goes straight into t-bills, the t-bills are then used to finance government operations.  yes, the government is running a deficit, but ss is not part of the deficit, it is financing the deficit.  the cure for deficit spending is taxation, plain and simple, not screwing the people with nothing left to lose.	0.0
ahahahahahahahahahahahaha!  hahahahahahahaha!  hahahahaha!  haha!  ha...  now i am sad because this will never happen :(	1.0
the problem is that republican messaging on health care is easy for americans to digest:  just do not reform it .   the ppaca is a major improvement that was sorely needed as a starting point for universal coverage but things like  we need to get rid of your garbage sham insurance so you can get better and cheaper options  are too complicated to message.  this country's voters only want to be told what they want to hear, and they want to hear messages that are not longer than a sound bite.   so long as this is true, conservatives running on a platform of  keep things the way they are  will have an advantage.	0.0
i am anti-catholicism and protestant, but that does not mean that i am anti-catholicism because i am protestant.	0.0
yeah, but guys, politifact said this was half-true.  you just do not understand the nuance.  serious you guys.	1.0
done.	0.0
ten years later and we are still at war and no safer than when we started.   the nsa's unprecedented overreach of authority was born of this administration.   it does not matter if he thought he was doing right at the time, he was wrong and we continue to pay the price for that.	0.0
if the goal of economic policy since  number  was to consolidate as much of the currency from the pockets of many into that of the few, job well fuckin done.	1.0
along the with the trend of universities doing outrageous things: i had to take a sexual harassment class for like  number  mins before the year.  everyone takes them and they are a complete waste of time.  everyone purposefully answers them incorrectly just to fuck with them.  but one question that really was messed up was this:  if there is an accusation of sexual assault, the standard is that the person accused is a. ) more than likely guilty b. ) not likely to be guilty c. ) innocent until proven guilty.  the correct answer was a!!  are you fucking kidding me?!  in college, you are not innocent until proven guilty; you are most likely guilty until proven innocent.  what the hell?!  i wrote to them and ripped them a new one and they had nothing.  they tried to argue that  most likely guilty,  did not imply guilty until proven innocent.  umm what?!  if i was in a jury and before hearing anything from a case, i said,  yeah, he is probably guilty,  how in the fuck is that not implying guilt until proven innocent.  apparently, there is a law that the standard for these incidents is such.	0.0
the holy bible has never condoned homosexual marriage.  it clearly states it in several scriptures.  if homosexuality was something that was okay with god, would not there have been some essential archetype on which we would be able to base pro-homosexuality beliefs?  god made a man and a woman.  adam and eve, not adam and steve.  would not god have given us an example where homosexuality was okay?  the only love between people of the same sex can righteously be seen through philadelphians love.  brotherly/sisterly love between two people of the same sex is okay, much like jonathan and king david.  i hope this has cleared up some things for christians who are unsure of which belief to side with.  below is scripture from the bible to support my beliefs.  leviticus  time  - thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it [is] abomination.  leviticus  time  - if a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood [shall be] upon them.  romans  time - number  - wherefore god also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:  matthew  time - number  - and he answered and said unto them, have ye not read, that he which made [them] at the beginning made them male and female,  now of course, i believe homosexuality is a sin people struggle with, but i am writing this to clarify that yes, i love gay people just as much as thieves, liars, adulterers, etc.  the bible demands that we as christians are still to love them the same, and for anyone who believes that we are not, you obviously do not read the bible, where it says to love everybody.  that being said god bless you all and have a fantastic day.	0.0
fyi, the 'tiny fraction' is not the  number %.	0.0
this guy has to go.  not only does he look like a turtle, he folds like a cheap suit.  same with boehner, hatch, cornyn, mccain, graham ...	0.0
two million and yet so far no-one has reverse engineered the broadcom drivers.  really surprised.  thought for sure it would have been done by now.	0.0
how can someone ban volunteers?   hi, i am here to help out w/o asking for anything in return.     why do you want to do that?     because i care about the less fortunate and want to make a difference.     wrong answer bitch, it is to glorify god!   get the fuck out!  	1.0
it is  number  still.  fuck off.	0.0
teach the controversy!	0.0
over a third *of americans*.	0.0
yeah...  except this time, the offices do not open again on monday.  it would not surprise me one bit if cruz was actually shocked every time the sun rose because he seriously thought it was gone for good every night.	0.0
i did not start out that way and i do not really have to stay that way, but distributors are going to have a murderous time competing with the convenience and ease of use offered by most pirating methods.	0.0
said the paid hilary shill...  edit: check out the comments on the article.	0.0
and we are all a bunch of young white males who are not being inclusive enough.	1.0
somebody thinks the  affordable  premiums will be going up again.	0.0
his immortal words resonate wisely in these dark days of deceit and malevolence	0.0
agreed.	0.0
boehner, the perfect example that you (anyone) will not get the government you need, but the one you deserve.	0.0
if daily beatings turned out to be the best incentive for artistic production, valkvinge would be all for it.	0.0
&gt; while not technically a  number d printer  it prints using x, y, and z coordinates, so it is a  number d printer.   it prints out  number d objects, so it is a  number d printer.   on his own website, he advertises it as [ the world's cheapest  number d printer  ](), so it is a  number d printer.	0.0
thank you but no.	0.0
you can still be first to leave a comment on that site.	1.0
because the house cannot vote on a bill unless the speaker allows it, and boehner and his compatriots have been planning this shutdown all year long.   why would they allow such a vote to take place until the country can be sufficiently damaged and he can start pointing fingers everywhere else?	1.0
because that thing 'justice' that you we are taught about by adults as a kid?  it falls in the same category as 'santa claus'.  adults go though a lot of trouble to make children (and sometimes themselves) believe it is real, but really it is just some made up thing we pretend is happening.	0.0
this thread reminded me of [this]().	0.0
guns have what the aca does not, point and click.	1.0
i am always amazed at how biblically illiterate people must be to find stuff like this surprising.	0.0
this post was confusing for me emotionally.  i look at the text, and it makes me happy, but then i see the thumbnail and a shiver runs through my bowels as i gaze upon the face of the dark.	0.0
why do i get the impression the tea party is nothing but a bunch of old racist white men who would rather bring the country down with them, than let president do his job?	1.0
funny, we are in the same category as canada, western europe, australia, and japan despite the constant comparisons to them.	1.0
if marijuana was legalized, would it be a safe assumption that most businesses that drug test would stop doing so?  (as far as pot is concerned) do they drug test because marijuana is against the law, or just because the business owners do not want an employee that gets high?  what about the governments strict zero tolerance policy?	0.0
you have to be careful not to allow unqualified to vote.  since florida has so much trouble with voter fraud, they should not allow anyone to vote.  that would solve the problem.  can not be too careful.	1.0
cannot wait for people to bitch about  lol /r/circlejerk .	0.0
does he know about the due process clause of the  number th amendment?  the slaughter house cases of  number  states that because of the due process clause of the  number th amendment, the constitution applies to the states as well?	0.0
the appropriate response is for wikipedia to block write access from those schools and if the abuse occurs, to block read access from those same schools.	0.0
[almost half of eligible voters did not vote. ]()  &gt;  number  million eligible citizens did not vote  republicans won about half the electorate's vote.  so it is really only about  number % of citizens who voted for them.  and the extreme wing of the republican party is about  number / number  of their caucus, so maybe  number % of americans voted for the tea party.	0.0
ads, ads, &amp; more ads ...  wanna watch a cat video on yt?  here's a commercial.	0.0
imagine if there was a virus that would wait until the computer is idle and  number d print a very detailed penis for you to find when you get back to your computer?	0.0
but... sarah palin has substance?	0.0
i read maddow pointed this out and that was all that was said (by anyone major that i can see).  however, i have heard him bring it up  number  times now.  so the fallout is on him on this one.  he needs to learn to keep his mouth shut.  i will never understand why the hell the people in my state elected him.	0.0
co number ncrete.  ftfy	0.0
but gop members of congress with their gun to the head of the american people making hostage demands **will** be paid during the shutdown.  how is that fair?	1.0
minesweeper @  number k here we come.	0.0
i bet a lot of people do not know about this..	0.0
what exactly is your interpretation of stand your ground?	0.0
the truth is out of style	1.0
bible says  fear of man brings a trap .  you cannot pastor and be ruled by fear instead of god.	0.0
what is sad is that trucking used to be a viable, respectable blue-collar career that would feed your family and provide dignity.  until deregulation, and republican-led initiatives to fire-then-rehire as  independent contractors  made it a race-to-the-bottom, amphetamine-fueled class of serfdom.  yet these truckers blamed unions &amp; demonized  liberals , while rewarding their tormentors, for destroying their vocation as a desirable, honorable profession.	1.0
he used audacity	1.0
i saw you driving that car you filthy whore...	1.0
let us help them guys, even if you are donating $ number .  we should get the reddit admins to sticky this somewhere like other comments said, to help internet archive get more exposure and donations towards their equipment loss.  edit: thanks redditor for the gold.  i will pay it forward by donating more to the internet archive!	0.0
they would be like robot farmers, growing their own food.	0.0
here's a deal for dylan-  you can keep your catastrophic health policy for $ number /m.  but if you get sick and run up hundreds of thousands of dollars in medical debt the plan does not cover, you cannot stuff all your money into your primary residence and retirement accounts then file bankruptcy.  deal?  quit whining the government closed a loophole.  we are trying to have a society here.	0.0
okay, how about this?  go talk to your conservative neighbors if you live in gop district ( i am registered to vote in gop district in cali, but i live in a dem house district in cali)  and ask them why they support this gop obstructionism?  ask them whether it does the country any good?	0.0
the koch brothers have has the succeed where  the business plot of  number  failed.   v=lne number x number clv_u    charge the koch's and their supporters with treason!	0.0
link for anyone in canada:  videopackage= number 	0.0
i probably will not see you until after new years, so that is christmas and new years, plural, i am trying to say happy holidays to cover both.  sorry for starting a war on christ	1.0
*hands off my medicore! *	1.0
just when you say to yourself,  i am not sure republicans could get their heads any further up their own assholes , they respond with  challenge accepted!  	0.0
i believe nothing the obama regime tells me, i believe a lot of what the iranian one does.  [**iran threatens widespread retaliation against us and allies**]()	1.0
correct me if i am wrong, but is not obamacare one of the govt services that would be exempt from de-funding?  so it would be a moot point for them.	0.0
&gt; it is not our place to say what someone can and cannot do  no, that is god's place, and even he allows us free will, and gives us rules to guide us towards him.   as christians, we are called to call others to repent and salvation based on *god's standards* and *jesus' redemption*.	0.0
i heard someone let something leak where they found out that all the democratic senators including warren signed a note encouraging hillary to run for president.  that would be a strange note to sign if you planned on running against her.  that rumor aside, as much as i like warren, i still think she is too inexperienced.  clinton would have arguably more well rounded and applicable experience than any presidential nominee to ever run for president: first lady, senator, and secretary of state.  her track record at each of those positions is pretty stellar.  plus, looking at the electoral map, she has the best chance of any nominee that i can think of democratic or republican due to the fact she could realistically carry arkansas and against governor christie, i read somewhere she is polling  number  points ahead in new jersey.  show me a realistic electoral map where a republican nominee can win without arkansas.  warren will have her time, but i think she should use these  number  years in the senate and whatever other public office she can hold during hopefully clinton's  number  years in office before considering a run of her own.  by that time she will have the experience and political wherewithal to actually be effective and win.  do not forget that winning is a huge part of the equation.	0.0
what is there to manipulate, the two part system has both parties controlled by the same people.	1.0
once you hear blondie's rapture, you need no other.	0.0
maybe they just want to shut the government down and then say:  hey look!  a relatively small group of legislators just shut down the government.  imagine if you depended on the government for healthcare.  	0.0
**i am surprised the mods are letting this post make it to the top. **	0.0
what is he doing with jars of honey around?  to my knowledge, honey is not exactly gourmet food, like champagne or whiskey - cannot he just buy some at his intended destination?  yes yes, i know, erosion of liberty, etc.  etc.  still, is there anything special about the honey?	0.0
myface, the first offline social network	0.0
i was hoping this was from the onion, or someplace similar,.  but nope, there he is on video saying it.  how much more blatantly corrupt can these guys get before their congregation(s) realise what is going on?	0.0
i wish bill would get some consistency.    a month ago he had a segment where he literally whined about how horrible his tax rate in california was, and threatened the governor that rich people like him would just move.  now this.  it is like how he cannot decide if he likes michael moore or not, depending who is on the show.	0.0
so translation:  we cannot have atheists *helping* people, that totally undermines my desire to believe they are all selfish and uncharitable!  	1.0
can someone explain to me how showing an id would increase republican votes and decease democrat votes?  i am not disagreeing, just not well informed about how it benefits one party and not the other.  my understanding is that it does not really make a difference.	0.0
and thus, ladies and gentlemen, i shall move to another chromium based browser.  the wonders of forking.	0.0
i agree!   politicians should not be reading jokes or email chains aloud to staff on business time!!	0.0
honestly, i think there is another reason.  arrogance.  obama believes that he is above all this and it is just petty political games that the republicans are playing.  remember, these are the people who think that clinton's impeachment was about a blowjob.  there is no end to their self delusion.	0.0
now she will get a book deal or two, and many speaking engagements.  its always about the money.	0.0
hey we have something in common!	0.0
exactly!  i think i really like this guy, he seems to actually care about the lives of others.	0.0
pro-hilary propaganda.	0.0
/r/justiceporn   if you kill someone, you deserve to die.   it is that simple.	0.0
that is a fancy way of saying he lied.	0.0
gridlock is great when you are an oligarch operating under a corrupt tax scheme with all aspects of government locked in your favor and against the interests of  number .  number % of the population.  the stupidity of these remaining poor tea party folks is stunning, holding a gun to their own heads to rob the nation blind for the likes of the koch brothers.	1.0
i think just as tons of more  liberal  people have been twisting the pope's words for sensationalist headlines (and then when corrected seem to blame anything or anyone other than their own initial misconception), this is also a pretty sensationalist headline from the other side.   i think this article is *slightly* more honest than the ny times or huffington post was (not saying much), it still misses the point entirely.  vatican headline:   pope: lord save us from the subtle conspiracies of worldliness   asianews headline:  god save us from the  hegemonic uniformity of the   one line of thought  ,   fruit of the spirit of the world that negotiates everything  even faith  	
free republic headline:   god save us from the   hegemonic uniformity  of the   one line of thought   (slams progressives)  	
the gateway pundit (posted to r/christianity):   pope francis blasts progressive movement -  the fruit of the devil   	
and of course the latter will get more pageclicks, just like   pope says church is 'obsessed' with gays, abortion and birth control   got way way more pageclicks than   a big heart open to god  .	
 *worldliness* is the spirit of the devil.   some progressives consider any proverbial   move forward   as being more important than their own fidelity to the faith.   (you can see this sometimes in other threads on r/christianity--  the church needs to 'catch up' to the rest of the culture on ______ issue!   )  this is a product of worldliness. 	1.0
last i checked my bible, a jewish mob led by the jewish priests of the time dragged jesus to the roman prefect, pontius pilate, and basically told him to either execute the man as a traitor or they had riot and destroy his career.  pilate tried to reason with the mob and find a way out, but ultimately decided a miscarriage of justice was preferable to having the city torn apart with jesus probably just being lynched anyways.  so, it looks like jesus was killed by a mob of  number st century jews.  how is that controversial?	0.0
more states should create a state board similar to what california has to draw district lines and create a better functioning democracy.  we need districts that are able to swing both ways so reps are not beholden to just their party.	0.0
&gt;here was a great opportunity for jesus to speak profound wisdom to a man who seemed, at times, to genuinely want it.  why did not jesus tell him?  because jesus was only as wise as the people writing the story.  and the answers to philosophical questions are not half as important as the questions themselves.	0.0
&gt;vermont also has yet to answer how it will cover everyone.  vermonter here.   good luck to us in maintaining the necessary levels of tax revenue to effectively fund a model single payer system when we have the oldest population in the you. s.  (and growing in numbers) coinciding with watching our  number  and  number  somethings leave vermont to pursue job opportunities and business opportunities out of state.   it is unsustainable when our younger people are leaving the state to expect those few who do stay to support those who need healthcare the most.    without a younger workforce attracted by a diverse and strong in-state business climate to warrant their residence, who will to shoulder the tax burden for those who use healthcare the most?   i am curious to learn if the law and program will be challenged under the equal protection clause since the benefit of single payer protection may not extend to those who pay into the system but are not offered single payer benefits due to being offered health insurance through their employer.   the governor and the vermont assembly need to take a long hard look at our state's constitution before assuming powers not expressed.   if state lawmakers want the power to provide residents with a state based healthcare solution, lawmakers must ask us vermonters for this power by referendum and amend the state constitution upon our consent.	0.0
this is my fucking senator...  i hate that man...	0.0
as a member of the intelligent moderate majority... and we are the majority... i agree.	0.0
he can pretty much claim whatever he wants about this  blessing  since god is on &amp; not on his side...  it is far too easy for con artists to scam people and live extravagantly using the bible to justify their actions.  **wealth is a sign of righteousness. **   * psalm  time  i have been young, and [now] am old; yet have i not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. * psalm  time  praise ye the lord.  blessed [is] the man [that] feareth the lord, [that] delighteth greatly in his commandments. * proverbs  time  a good [man] leaveth an inheritance to his children's children: and the wealth of the sinner [is] laid up for the just. * proverbs  time  in the house of the righteous [is] much treasure: but in the revenues of the wicked is trouble.  **wealth is a sign of wickedness. **  * matthew  time - number  then said jesus unto his disciples, verily i say unto you, that a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.  and again i say unto you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god. * luke  time  but woe unto you that are rich!  for ye have received your consolation. * james  time  go to now, [ye] rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon [you].   he sounds like he is running a business more than a ministry.  ** via /r/politics **  * he donates the books to the church and allows them to sell them for profit.  this essentially creates a nice little tax write-off for him.  it also blurs the lines between  profit from the book  and money from the church.  essentially, he is treating your church as a nice little tax-haven.  * his salary is set by  number  other mega-church pastors.  they also pay an undisclosed amount of money to each other for visiting each other's churches.  it is a  you scratch my back i will scratch yours  situation.  they also refuse to reveal said salaries.  essentially, this is a very creative and business-like approach for him and the other mega-church pastors to make millions while denying any responsibility in said salary.  it is no different than  number  ceos setting pay for each other.  * they bring in over $ number  million annually.  barely over $ number  million goes to the community.  a lot of it goes to production and improvements, however, unlike nearly every other southern baptist church, the pastor's pay remains a secret.  from my understanding these mega-churches are an exemption from all other southern baptist bylaws, however, there is absolutely no reason to keep these salaries a secret unless there is a fear of public ridicule or shame.  all employees are also required to sign a nondisclosure form and are threatened with a lawsuit if they reveal church financials.	0.0
i have comcast, and it states in the agreement that you cannot host servers, unless you upgrade to business class.    i assume most isps have similar agreements.	0.0
also because youtube comments are a notorious clusterfuck of dumbshittery, and g thinks that one way to go about improving them is by removing their anonymity.	0.0
classy guy.	0.0
said manhattan republican party chairman dan isaacs..   we we are victims of our success.  it is hard to impart to people that the gains we have made could be lost very quickly   and this is the fear mongering of the right wing.  nothing much is going to change.  maybe the top  number % will pay a tiny bit more in taxes and maybe the bottom  number % will catch a break here or there.  the real estate interests will still run the place.  muzzio said the challenge now is maintaining the progress logged under bloomberg while making the city more inclusive.	0.0
would not happen.   self-defense is a valid response to assault claims, and the ethnically-uniform group clearly instigated what went on.	0.0
 why cannot you just leave religion alone?     shit like this is fucking why.	0.0
the question was extra much not  how do we make sure artists are paid , since the big copyright conglomerations do not give a crap about that.  they are all about *themselves* getting paid.  the artists generally should consider themselves lucky if they get the equivalent of minimum wage, especially if they are musicians.  before this:  i had little respect for courtney love, but after that i have a little more.  anyway, the way to ensure art is made and is available is very simple, decouple all humans now living from the need to  earn a living .  convert to a moneyless, classless, nationless word built on cooperation and resource sharing and far more artists than now will have the time and resources to focus on their craft instead of flipping burgers  number  hours a day to make ends meet.  see [the free world charter](), [the venus project]() and [the zeitgeist movement]().	0.0
both these guys  need a swift kick in the balls.	1.0
oh my sides! , it feels so good to give them a big  i told you so dumbass , then again this is now the law and i am frightened.	1.0
it is very simplistic to think it is just the money.  it is more all that unconditional love and support that they are getting from us that enables them to behave like a spoiled child.  it is all those [**us-vetoed un security council resolutions**](. html) .  if they had to deal with their neighbors in a fair and civilized way (as all the other countries in the world do), and in the absence of continuous us partial interference, they would be forced to reconcile and co-exist with them.  the us unconditional love and support in the long-run is doing israelis more harm than good, not mentioning the rest of region.	1.0
we are talking about someone who says that literally nobody needs a gun, but she gets armed bodyguards because she is special.  what do you think?	0.0
no more sellouts	0.0
then they are printers, not journalists.	0.0
plenty of economists would agree:  &gt; a similar survey in  number  by robert whaples polled phd members of the american economic association.  whaples found that  number .  number % of respondents supported an increase in the minimum wage,  number .  number % wanted it kept at the current level,  number .  number % wanted it decreased, and ** number .  number % wanted it completely eliminated. **  [source]()   people have to realize that this is something even economists are unsure of.  it is not so clear cut.	0.0
if only the polls had been unskewed in time, the 'real americans' would have seen the plain, unvarnished truth and removed the muslim atheist socialist fascist kenyan usurper from office.  twice.	1.0
chris rock had a joke about that; he said that when he tells the kids it is time for bed they race around for ten minutes saying they want to stay up; then they fall asleep on the floor.   the gops have been super-crazy since obama got elected, maybe now they are finally getting tired.	0.0
indeed, we will have to wait till that video sees the light of day.  if ever.	0.0
one of us!  one of us!	1.0
i usually do not like listening to limbaugh, but every now and then he articulates a point so perfectly.  this is one of those times.	0.0
yea, and some survived it.	1.0
the republicans got what they wanted because the democrats wanted it too.  the democrats of congress are, as a whole, not a progressive bunch.  if we want something better, we need a different congress and a different funding model.	0.0
took me awhile, but i see what you did there.	0.0
i wonder what metrics he is using (the article does not seem to mention them).  if i had to guess, the *numbers* of strong conservatives probably have not increased, but their *activity* has, and is having an effect on the middle  number % of the country.	0.0
but rand paul and mitch mcconnell said they we are winning.	1.0
this is hardly fox news...  (i am here all week. )	1.0
funny how religion needs to have a non-suicide clause in the first case.   i guess the mom should have gone ahead and murdered the girl and then asked god for forgiveness.   that is legit by their twisted rules.	1.0
well if they did not want to die of hunger they should have worked harder when they we are younger  /republican.	1.0
how do we have  restore the economy  and  blow up the finance sector  in the same headline?	0.0
if the republicans would take note that they have chased away the libertarians with candidates like cuccinelli, they could easily win.  the country is not going more left.  just look at the statistics.  the country has a growing classically liberal/libertarian wing, and we are coming from the right.  i am only in this forum out of curiosity, and for the sake of discussion.	0.0
honestly, this is the biggest headline of the evening - i am surprised it is taken this long to be written up:  - tea-party funded candidate in va loses to doofus of a democrat (i can say that, i am in va, and i voted for the doofus) - moderate republican governor in nj ...  whom the tea-party *hates* and [considers to be a rino]() ...  wins re-election by notable margin - democrat wins mayorship of nyc, having run on a platform of increasing taxes on the wealthy - some alabama tea-party rep [got outsted in a special runoff election](. html) by a fellow republican who is (presumably, hopefully) a bit more sane ...	0.0
that is the same  number % of the gop population that votes in republican primaries and continues to move the party farther and farther from reality.   there are too many angry, old, out of touch white people that refuse to accept they are a part of the problem and insist everyone else is the problem.   their logic allows for such gems as:  cut government spending but increase funding to the local military base because i am scared of nearly non existent terrorism on american soil.  cut the debt but lower taxes.  keep your government hands off my medicare and do not give it to those^ people   ^ includes anyone that does not look or think exactly as i do.	0.0
there are already factories that convert co number  emissions into building materials: they are called forests	1.0
&gt; i have been reading a lot of articles about blackstone.  just because they have deep pockets, does not mean they know what they are doing.  ltcm anyone?  &gt;the idea of buying up individual properties is just ridiculous.  they cannot maintain those properties properly.  each house has its own set of unique issues, because they we are built with the idea an individual would buy and live the house and maintain it themselves.  i would not say it is not *doable*.   because it certainly is.  but only if they are building out a solid, reliable system of property management to take care of all of the issues.  instead, they seem to be focused on repackaging and selling this shit -- reaping the short term profits -- and leaving others as the bag holders.  imo this is potentially even *worse* than the traditional  slumlord  model.	0.0
that kid is awesome.	0.0
jillette's video has so many more views because he is much, much more famous than the other two.  interesting article but the opening saying that it has more views because it hits a nerve is space that could have been used better.	0.0
poll: americans do not want republicans or democrats in control of congress.	1.0
people seem to be downplaying the importance of youtube to google.  it is their avenue for movie sales from the play store, it is a source of revenue for a lot of people who make videos for channels, it is their future avenue for all things video and it is the biggest video site on the internet.  while it cannot be denied this is a push to increase google+ use, more importantly it is a push to get rid of the horrible shit said in video comments.  if you want to comment, make an account.  if you do not want to make an account, *try to live* without adding to the discussion.  it is meant to curb trolling, not bend your arm backwards and reach for your precious data.	0.0
so is windows  number  se.	0.0
hawaii is kenya now.	1.0
personally, i want to see her chair the senate banking committee.   it is an extraordinarily powerful position, and arguably more powerful than the presidency in the arena of domestic financial reform.	0.0
christian american patriots militia - so nazi brown shirts then.	1.0
get used to it.   you will eventually be waiting in lines for your rationed health care too.	0.0
what is really haunting is the phrase  adopted daughter .  i cannot help but think of whatever unfortunate circumstances took place that ended up with hana needing to be adopted and the sort of trust that children inherently have in their guardians.  in another article, they mention that hana was  number  and adopted from ethiopia.  she crossed oceans and continents expecting a life better than the one she was leaving behind.  i cannot even fathom the confusion and betrayal she felt as the people who saved her from one sort of hell would be the ones she that would need saving from.	0.0
that is because republicans do not want poor people to vote.   those cheeky bastards.	1.0
 they never ask these questions to jews or christians.    oh the martyrdom.	1.0
agreed, reading the bible by itself does not do anything to make someone an atheist.  it is taken as fact in the bible that god exists.  one could definitely judge god's character to be less than omnibenevolent or the way he does things to be less than omnipotent in our eyes, but those issues do not have any bearing on whether he exists or not.	0.0
&gt;selling some of your unwanted possessions on ebay or craigslist could bring in some quick cash.  	
the content of the article does not match the title of the article.	
it is like i am reading /r/conservative 	1.0
&gt; ~~cross country organisers force us teen out of a race by assigning her the number  number ~~  us teen voluntarily drops out of race due to irrational religious objection to the number  number .  ftfy	1.0
the difference is that reagan actually had some fucking accomplishments.  he was able to pull us out of the carter recession and helped accelerate the end of the cold war.	0.0
&gt;stimson tracks liberal policy mood, but i have reversed his index in order to highlight the striking current level of conservatism.  so it is not more conservative, it is less liberal.  that makes quite a difference.	0.0
because then there would not be any gurus.	1.0
yeah, she just confirmed it.	0.0
&gt; the democratic national committee has actually purchased the domain for yourrepublicanuncle. com  stereotype much?	1.0
obama was supporting known terrorist organizations and spent two weeks lying about the nature of a terrorist attack.  even *after* it was known the administration was lying they continued with the lie until they could not any more.  why obama has not been impeached over benghazi, or a multitude of other equally serious scandals, is beyond me.	0.0
 repeal obamacare or we start killing kittens.   - the gop's next bright idea	1.0
this from the people who scream that obama has taken their  freedoms  away	0.0
well, both parties are guilty of gerrymandering.  understand that gerrymandering is legal if it upholds the equal protection clause of the  number th amendment ( number ).  while race cannot be the predominant factor in creating electoral districts ( number ), gerrymandering has been defended under the argument that it provides minorities with greater sociological representation.  this is an argument often made by both sides ( number ).  sources:   number ) . _carr   number ) . _johnson   number ) david lublin,  the paradox of representation: racial gerrymandering and minority interests in congress   tldr; the practice is used and justified by both sides as a social equalizer, despite not actually serving as one.	0.0
mlk would be probably be ashamed of what happened to this country.  the boondocks did a pretty great satire exploring that point.   the problem is, people who advocate for civil rights are not advocating for all of them, just for themselves, or whoever they are guilted into advocating for. everyone always assumes that the civil rights only worth fighting for include:  * women  * lgbt  * illegal immigrants  * blacks  but neglect things like:  * gun ownership  * right to privacy  * freedom of religion (across the board, from catholics to muslims to norse, and everything in between)   as if they forget that those are civil rights as well, and are being tarnished/diminished.	0.0
this is going to piss off reddit.  /r/adviceanimals is already drawing up a protest meme as we speak.	0.0
note it says china raised not china processed.  more food safety concerns are at the processing side of the equation rather than at the farm.  the usda has repeatedly found that china's food safety protocols at their processing plants are not up to par with us standards and therefore continue to ban imports of meat that was butchered in china.  somewhat misleading title. edit: [official usda statement]()	0.0
exactly.   i am a right leaning independent and i really cannot stand either party, but at this particular time in history, one is batshit insane, on the wrong side of just about every major issue, not to mention some pretty significant social and demographic trends, and has lost all interest in governing.   there is nothing left of the  number 's gop type candidates that i used to support.	0.0
i think the article made it pretty clear that the influence she holds in the senate could have a far greater influence on policy than what she or anyone could do as president.  the senate as a whole absolutely holds more power than the president and therefore senators who can influence the entire body (or at least a majority) hold a unique power in the government.  not to mention that her strengths are specifically as a consumer advocate who is tough on wall street and banks.  does that  translate to being a great president?  not necessarily.  does it translate to being a great senator?  absolutely, because you are allowed to focus on a narrower range of interests.  and lastly, while she has great appeal to liberals and progressives, she does not exactly have that same appeal all over the country.  middle of the road voters, the type you need to win presidential elections, still fear the picture that the right is able to pair of people like her.  to be clear: they do not fear her unfiltered policy ideas, they fear the politician that the right would portray her as.  so yes, i resoundingly approve of her politics and would rather she stay in the senate.  and i am very sane.	0.0
i thought this was r/firstworldanarchists with the favorite color being coke cola	1.0
in the words of jason jones:   this is not a fucking game 	0.0
about.  fucking.  time.	0.0
 number  is meaningless words around a false dichotomy.   number  is an attempt to repackage pascal's wager.  i am certain pascal came before cs lewis.   number  is more meaningless words.  the kind that can mean anything depending on the reader and therefore really hold no meaning (something that can mean anything is ultimately meaningless).   number  echoes words that have been said for probably as long as we have had words to say, certainly best summed up by shakespeare - t'is better to have loved and lost...  there is nothing  ahead of it is time  about that.   number  amounts to  actions speak louder than words .  any form of this statement is not new or ahead of it is time.   number  is wishful thinking.  also not a new concept which should be patently obvious in this sub given the majority here hold to a belief started some  number ish years ago that the things in your future will be better than the past behind you.  i do not think cs lewis pre-dates christianity.   number  is a repackaging of the concept of suffering for god.  once again, i do not think cs lewis pre-dates christianity.   number  is a statement that would hold true no matter when it was said.  in that way it was of it is time when he first said it, not ahead of it is time.   number  is probably the only example of a thought from cs lewis (in this list) that is ahead of it is time.  though i genuinely doubt it is a thought that was not expressed or taught or followed by some congregations somewhere in the world throughout the history of the church.   number  basically says  heaven is good .  that is not a thought ahead of it is time.  once again, cs lewis does not pre-date christianity.  less of a list of quotes that show he was ahead of his time.  more of a lot of repetition of previous philosophers/theologians, a collection of meaningless phrases, and a single progressive thought.	0.0
i hate it when they do not give out number.   number x of what?   number  times of almost nothing is still pretty much useless nothing.  nifty phenomenon, but still useless nothing.	0.0
false equivalence:  i am right, you are wrong.  now that we have established that as the basis of discussion, we can progress as equals.  	1.0
[deleted]	0.0
i do not know, but i have known a lot of very liberal people who joined the military, or began taking economics classes in college, and then became *very* conservative.  i guess they teach them that?	0.0
cannot argue with that logic	1.0
if you are in england, there is a pretty big celebration (which costs money, alas) celebrating women in stem fields.   here's an [article]() about the event and the day.  help promote women in science!   promote feminine kinds of big picture thinking so that not just tom-boys like me end up doing science.  :-)	0.0
in many states, the cities and urban areas report first, followed by the rural areas.  for some reason, virginia is the other way, and the deeply red rural areas always report first.  romney was way ahead early election night  number  even when the count passed  number  percent, but eventually lost as the night went on.	0.0
i get the distinct impression that jeremy paxman completely agrees with him.  this is paxman trying to give him a stage to stand on.	0.0
the policy on cuba is probably the most antiquated we have.  the cold war is over yet we continue those policies on that country and that country only.  how many americans have they kidnapped or killed in the last  number  years?  yet we continue to do business with saudi arabia, a country which produced most of the hijackers for  number / number .  what if those  number  saudi hijackers we are cuban extremists?  sanctions would be tightened regardless and maybe even another invasion would have been considered.  it is so ridiculously antiquated it would be hard to take seriously if it were not for the real human cost our embargo causes.	0.0
honest question yahoo  news .   why is the fact this lady is a member of the tea party important?   i feel like local school district politics is a completely different ballgame where people of wide varying ideologies can come together to push forward a common agenda.   i am sure there is plenty of democrats, republicans, libertarians, independents, etc who are also planning to vote against this bond for their own reason also.	0.0
i have had my own issues with youth group, but i think this article is overreaching.  &gt; the inherent result of youth groups is that teenagers in the church are focused on their peers, not their parents or their pastors.  it is a foreign sociology that leads to immaturity, a greater likelihood of sexual activity, drug experimentation and a rejection of the authority of the word of god.  seriously?   what kind of youth groups is he talking about, and in those youth groups, are the adults actually any different?  and i thought this juxtaposition was interesting:  &gt; our fervent prayer is that god will raise up spirit-filled, bible-preaching, christ-centered, family-integrated assemblies from the ashes of our **man-centered**, family-fragmenting churches,   with  &gt; it is time for the christian **father** to take the central role which god has ordained,  mcmanus concludes.   gathered around the dining room table, the **father** needs to lead family worship once again, which had been standard behavior for a vibrant american christian family for hundreds of years, dating back to the plymouth, mass. , colony of  number .  **dad** needs to read from and discuss the bible, sing christian songs and pray with his family, his little flock over which god has appointed him shepherd.  i mean, i get what it is saying, but the last paragraph sounds pretty  man-centered  to me.	0.0
non-denominational.  the church is certainly not a building, but the people.	0.0
my mother-in-law watches way to much cable tv, and loves msnbc and any documentary that talks about how we are raping the plant, bombing brown people, etc.  i have been telling her for years that this whole thing was going to fall apart, and it is a big fat lie.  she must have zero memory because she told me on sunday,   i called and the plan is no help at all, i will have to pay a lot of money, and have a $ number k deductible!  i have been lied to!   the thing is it is hard to enjoy the disappointment of the died in the wool liberals as it is damaging our country.	0.0
the koch brothers are driving society into a  number st century feudalism.	0.0
who with half a brain watches nbc?  thanks for telling me otherwise i would not have known.	0.0
she seems to make a point of knowing nothing about anything.  for example the assault weapons ban is one of her big things and yet she seems to lack even a cursory knowledge about guns.  i just do not get how someone whose job affects the entire country cannot talk to an expert or read a fucking wikipedia article every once in a while.	0.0
it is a trap!	0.0
yes, keep running that interference...	1.0
scumbags like that wannabe pastor is why people do not wanna trust god and his promises to take care of us.  i am constantly making mistakes, so i am not at all saying i am better than him.  however, i hope god either changes that louse or takes away his leadership position before he hurts anyone else!	0.0
&gt;  minimum wage is not supposed to be livable.    you know, i would be fine arguing this one, if we were not in the current economic situation we are in.  minimum wage jobs we are supposed to be for kids working their first jobs, part time, to get some entry-level work experience under their belt.   everyone's got to start someplace, right?   or they are for moms of school-age kids who need extra spending money and a flexible schedule of  number am -  number pm.   or they are for retirees who have investment income but want to get out of the house and just need something with low responsibility but high social interaction.   once you got a few years (and a few  number   raises) under your belt, you went on to better pay and better skill jobs, either during or after college.  the problem now is that those better skill jobs have not opened back up since  number / number .   so the only jobs that are available are the ones that are $ number  an hour or less...  technically above minimum wage, but not liveable, and certainly not ones that demand the skills college grads and mid- number 's (or older) already possess.   so if the only jobs that companies are willing to hire for are the low-skill minimum wage positions, without much hope of raises or even promotions (since a lot of companies have severed the wage increase from the title promotion), then those jobs damn well better pay enough that a single person can support themselves without having to rely on anyone else.   if you work a second job in order to save up money to better your situation, great.   if you get a roommate in order to save up money to better your situation, great.   if you do either (or both) of those things because nobody is willing to pay enough to let you pay the rent and eat?   no so great.	0.0
i think healthcare for-profit is a perverse way of doing things.  socialized medicine might not be superior, but for-profit medicine is just ugly.  why treat the poor when there is no profit in that?    just like telecoms leave rural areas in poor connectivity - no profit in wiring up the countryside.	0.0
the more important question here is should the government be allowed to issue secret rulings and legal precedents.	0.0
do not blame religion.  the kid had issues and probably would have found a reason to do it anyway.	0.0
or [this]( ie=utf number &amp;qid= number &amp;sr= number - number &amp;keywords=the+god+delusion).  just anything less ambiguous than stephen hawking.	0.0
they pulled the article already but yahoo has it up still  . html	0.0
where was obama at in  number ?	0.0
whether or not you agree that what they are doing is necessary or good, you have got to admire their willingness to stick to what they think is important.	0.0
this makes my brain hurt.  i have absolutely no problem with going to a bar, even having a small group or prayer service there, but having a eucharistic service and your main services there?  no, just no.   it is like in christianity today reverence has become something evil and negative to be avoided at all costs.   and how does anyone think this will work?  when we show we think so little of the holy things that we do them in bars while getting shitfaced, that is supposed to impress the people there and seriously draw them to conversion?  i think if i was a random guy on a bar i would conclude that any belief system whose members regarded it so cavalierly was not worth my time.	0.0
and people are crying in /r/conservative because a misleading article is being downvoted.   ok.	0.0
i just want to thank you for taking a stand on christian principles.  its disgusting that even on a supposedly christian forum you are getting flack from other christians for taking a stand on clear scriptural truths.	0.0
i will always maintain that giving these people so much money is insane.    make them send their kids to public school and see how fast our education system would improve.  make them take the same public transportation as the rest of us and see how quickly things improve.    you cannot serve a public you are so detached from on a basic day to day level.	0.0
exactly this.  if i have to wait a year, it will be spoiled.  i want to watch things without spoilers when they come out.  also, my friends are all over the world.  we pirate because we want to chat about the latest episode of something like friends do.	0.0
[none of this shit](. jpg)	0.0
this is one of my favorite all time quotes ever.   and i am a christian.	0.0
 number % with the tea party?!  i did not think it was that high.	0.0
so obama's failure is that he did not get the right progressive in congress to pass the right laws?  that is a pretty poor argument for the extent of presidential power...	0.0
now i really want to know why no one sent any military support.  to not send additional security when it was asked for prior to the attack could be brushed off as an oversight (although i do not think it should be), but to not send help while a coordinated attack was *undeniably* underway makes no sense to me.  and i cannot help but think that decision was politically motivated.	0.0
well, you know, when you are right about everything why bother listening?	1.0
in one hand i carry fire, in the other, water.  with the water, i will quench the fires of hell, with the fire, i will burn down heaven.  i do these things so that no man will seek heaven for the glory of god, or the fear of hell.   or something like that...	0.0
almost all if not all of the states tied to that rule still have the same issues they had  number  years ago...   which is why all of those states immediately went ahead to vote in more voting restrictions the second it was removed.	0.0
serious question: what does that make us?   because it kind of feels like being hostages.   not specifically to extremist political factions, but to a broken and corrupt system that allows extremism to dictate the future.     after all the shouting back and forth between team red and team blue, we are all going to look up and realize that there are guards at the door, bars on the window, and cameras on the walls.	0.0
&gt; one example is a patient suffering from sleep apnea-like symptoms.  years earlier, this patient had a blood gas test that would have confirmed the diagnosis, but the test results we are hidden in a hard-to-find section of the medical record.  without watson, mehta says he never would have seen the result.  &gt;  &gt;  the system looks for competing theories that might explain the patient's symptoms  &gt;  &gt; the process for finding that crucial test turns out to be remarkably similar to finding the right answer to a jeopardy question.  having built a basic concept map from studying medical exams, watson parses the medical records for facts and test results, then knits them together into competing theories that might explain the patient's symptoms.  mike barborak, a natural language engineer at ibm research, describes it as a step towards a more intelligent kind of machine.   it is **language processing** but it is also using this notion of combining those different salient factors to see if one supports or contradicts the other and coming up with some conclusion of what is actually being stated,  barborak says.  that means looking beyond the words of the diagnosis for a basic sense of how the words fit together, and what each possible diagnosis means.   for anyone interested:   &gt;natural language toolkit is a leading platform for building python programs to work with human language data.  it provides easy-to-use interfaces to over  number  corpora and lexical resources such as wordnet, along with a suite of text processing libraries for classification, tokenization, stemming, tagging, parsing, and semantic reasoning.   it is open source software, and the book to learn it is free.   &gt;the total amount of medical information available doubles every five years.  worse, medical knowledge tends to go stale within four to eight years.  meanwhile, free time is a commodity most physician's have precious little of-five hours a month at most.  there will be  number  times more medical data than a human could possibly process by  number , according to ibm.     &gt;but according to moore's law, the rate of computing power is more than sufficient to keep up with the growth of medical information.    	0.0
i think it is a bit presumptuous to assume that getting rid of one of our two parties will lead to anything good.    please recall that a new party or parties is no more likely an option than just having one party.	0.0
hey, in his defense the original constitution had no problem with slavery and put women in a lower social class.  sounds biblical to me...	1.0
i am from texas.  i normally vote libertarian, but i think i will cite for her this time just to get the gop out of office.  rick perry is a pile of shit.	0.0
why would you name your kid messiah in the first place?	0.0
agreed, i thought that was some of the change obama was hawking.   instead he mandated that we buy insurance from his campaign contributors.   guess the guy likes to be president more than helping his country.   he did not say it was going to be change for the better though.	1.0
the emperor has no clothes!	1.0
oh look, a right-wing blowhard is talking out his ass.  must be a day that ends in  y .	1.0
ahhh yes, the ol' *he is such an eloquent and learned speaker on issues of belief, religion and theism as well as being a noted scientist, this only confirms my belief that this averred non-believer who has repeatedly argued against silly beliefs is actually a believer. *   if you can believe that.	1.0
i was hoping it was renee elmer's, myself.	0.0
she needs to take a dirt nap soon..	1.0
well it is way easier to buy a gun then healthcare...	0.0
you should do a post on your past experiences on navigating without health insurance and then your experiences on the aca process you have so far encountered.	0.0
yes, i found this article pretty interesting.  not at *all* reactionary.	1.0
remember when the same people who are now banning we the people from public property and land we are telling us the 'occupiers' had every right to be there ?	0.0
if you look at some of the quotes from the groups (certainly the ones i have read from the afa and frc), no christian should be saying those things.   they are untrue and malicious, never mind downright paranoid and xenophobic.	0.0
what next harvey milk ended homophobia?	1.0
this blog seems to be describing what anglicanism largely is already.  catholic and reformed.	0.0
well, your calender compactor belongs in the trash compactor.	1.0
damn.   i cannot believe this book sells.   it is as if someone wrote a book endorsing slavery, and everyone still purchased it.	0.0
why was this posted here?  no mention of religion.  do not mean to be a dick but this article does not belong here.	0.0
the problem is not how they feel about congress as a whole, it is that everyone still likes **their** congressmen.   oh the other guys suck, but my representative has my back.  	0.0
i am glad they did not go on and on about that old myth we do not eat babies.	1.0
does anyone know how long shipping takes these days?	0.0
i sometimes listen to beck.  i subscribe to the blaze.  for the most part i like him, but this statement or lack of action is just stupid.  if it is christie vs.  clinton  number , i am voting for christie.  primaries may be a different story.  it is up to conservatives to put someone we like in the race, not christie or anyone else.	0.0
this favors aetheists so its religious discrimination either way	0.0
did he ever threaten it though?   iirc he basically never seriously indicated that he would do it, so this gives me hope.	0.0
i have given up on most national media outlets.  i stick to my local newspaper for the most part now.    too much bipartisan cock sucking and smearing from both sides.	1.0
there is nobody to sue.  the entity that is guilty of wage theft is the temp agency, some fly-by-night whose only assets are a couple of telephones and maybe a desk.  laws *could* be written to allow the real employer to get hit for theft of wages...  but they have not been.	0.0
if you are not catholic it is unlikely you care what the pope says.	0.0
if warren runs, i will caucus and volunteer for her, if it is hillary, i will vote for her, but only because she will not be as bad as whoever the republican's run, but that is about it.  i am so fucking sick of the establishment democratic candidate, i *thought* i was campaigning against it with obama, turns out he was just another one.	0.0
well one can ensure that you and your family are protected while the other is just a silly healthcare law :p	1.0
yes.   /satosq	0.0
considering homophobia in general is on its way out, i imagine a trend will come from this.   not to suggest that popularity makes truth, but when society accepts our lgbt brothers and sisters as equal, it is going to be as hard to get members for a church that preaches otherwise as it is to get members for a segregationist church is today.	0.0
straightforward!   thank you for sharing	0.0
i am not sure how i feel about his theology but i would not take how many feathers he ruffles too seriously until you at least look deeper than i have into what he says and how he justifies it.	0.0
[for the lazy]( v=p number ddb number oa number ce)	0.0
educationists...	0.0
i live in a small town which thrives on its tourism industry.   all the business owners around here learned from the recession is how few employees their businesses can function on.   now that the economy is bouncing back they are not hiring employees to make up for the difference, instead they just drive their skeleton crews into the ground and burn people out.   when someone quits they know there are hundreds of other people who are desperate for a job through the winter.   it is really, really fucked up.	0.0
the poll is not as indicative of  the public's view on his policies as much as we had like to think.   when viewed in the context of congress' low approval ratings ( number  percent? ) this poll is more indicative of people disliking their dysfunctional government.   the reason that the number is that high is due to his base supporting his policy positions, regardless of his ability to implement them.   he can simply blame republicans, and as long as republicans continue a political strategy that makes them appear that they are not willing to compromise, he can call them a bully, and continue to have high polling numbers.	0.0
why would they champion it?   anyways, there is a key difference, you and your wife.  losing a child do to miscarriage and aborting is not the same (for the parents).	0.0
i cannot blame him.   it is free money for his economy.     it is about like the massive number of people who are against fema, yet do whatever they can to collect from it.   to them it is simply getting  their  money back for a program they do not want to pay for.	0.0
operation christmas child.   i remember going with my youth group all the way up to minnesota to sort out things that could not be sent (war toys, gum, etc. ), and we would all act like we we are going for the children's sake, when in reality it was so we could go to mall of america.	0.0
 the papal octopus  would be such a cool band name.	0.0
heaven forbid that those kids might be allowed to actually think for themselves.	1.0
so really, the problem is god.  why do people want to worship a terrorist?	0.0
during my lifetime the end of the world has been predicted with absolute certainty  number  times.  i am  number .	0.0
a smart guy like bill nye should know the moon is made of glowy stuff.	1.0
meals on wheels, not food stamps.  misleading as fuck.	0.0
they want the government shut down and they want the republicans to bear the responsibility.    the msm will do their best to make sure that happens.	0.0
you have to look at it this way as well.  a lot of those representatives are for completely rural areas that are heavily against obamacare and their reps are doing exactly what their constituents are telling them.  a majority of americans may not agree but that is what the house is for.  protecting the rights of people not in the majority.	0.0
unicorn populations are out of control and causing habitat destruction for bigfeets.	1.0
i would be interested in seeing how this information was collected.  nowhere in the article or the poll results is that information given.	0.0
again.   /while i have your attention [here]( v=px number sxarnq_c) is the video he made for the police.  he seems mild mannered enough in this video but if you read the article you can see he can become quite violent under the right circumstances.  if this article is true and he forced someone out of their home with a gun he is probably going to jail this time.  i will post updates as they come along.	0.0
destroy the federal government but keep your hands off my medicare!	1.0
there are murderers who got off easier than that.	0.0
from the article:   so, if rich people do not create the jobs, what does?   a healthy economic ecosystem - one in which most participants (the middle class) have plenty of money to spend.    and   we are all in this together.  and until we understand that, our economy is going to go nowhere.    but no real ideas on how to change anything...	0.0
no she will not look back.  it is almost impossible for people like her to examine there lives and see the errors and mistakes they have made.  she is a true believer and thinks of herself as  god's vessel.  if she is wrong, then her god is wrong.  michele will go to her grave thinking she did her god's will.  the overwhelming evidence that the world rejects her ideas only servers as proof, to her, of  righteousness.  she is a sad delusional old woman who should have never been given power over anything more sentient than a goldfish.	1.0
are you surprised?    it is mother jones.	0.0
legitimate criticism of israel is  number ) seen as anti-semitism and  number ) never legitimate because poor israel has the whole world against them and they just want to live peacefully in the holy land.   fuck israel, the warmongers.	1.0
pamphlet transitions into malcolm in the middle theme:  i do not know... can you repeat the question?  you are not the lord of me now!  you are not the lord of me now!  you are not the lord of me now and you are not so real!    psych, it was an atheism pamphlet.	0.0
*ahem* sponge bob is a fucking cartoon!!!!!!	0.0
cry me a river, op.  i am thrilled that enda passed and fundies cannot be discriminatory bigots in the workplace any longer.	1.0
abort all the things!	1.0
for the others who have no idea what the fuck intransigent means:  intransigent   number .  unwilling or refusing to change one's views or to agree about something.	0.0
as a resident of the commonwealth of pennsylvania this does not surprise me.  we may be in the north east of the country but our government acts like they are from the deep south.	0.0
tl;dr: the american family association, a rabidly homophobic hate group, is spewing falsehoods about the american psychiatric association.   it is unclear whether this is because afa staff is genuinely incompetent or illiterate, downright delusional, or just plain deliberately lying, but all three are easily possible.   i am disgusted the linked website seriously describes the afa, a hate group, as a well trusted christian media source.	0.0
it wants to keep the drug companies healthy.   why cure when you can treat with medicine for the rest of ones life and get revenue all along the way.   that teamed with the bureaucracy and snails pace of advances sums it up.	1.0
cannot stand ayn rand, never understood her appeal, she reminds me of the wicked witch.  selfishness is the opposite of virtue, indeed it is the root of all evil.    in what way does she promote or retain traditional social institutions?  how is she  conservative?  	0.0
&gt; focused on creating a product instead  that actually is not true at all.   a 'product' is something to be sold.   as it stands now, the media is crucial to the top  number % not as a 'product' but as a means of control of the population and keeping the discontented silent by either giving them no voice or making them look scary and/or ridiculous and/or mentally ill.	0.0
and to think that people actually believe that the tv series 'continuum' is based on fiction...	1.0
i just needed food printers	0.0
is the same sponge bob that they we are hating on for climate change a few years ago?	0.0
as a progressive service member that is constantly reminded of the oppressive attitude towards homosexuals in the military, this makes me feel sufficiently relieved.	0.0
back in  number , during the napster days, few people seemed to realized this.  i think of it as a game changing revelation.  there used to be a general assumption if you offer the media on the web it was guaranteed to be stolen, which inevitably would destroy your business model.  i do not know why so few people realized convenience is far more powerful motivator than price (or lack of price).  it just did not seem to dawn on many of us in the industry at the time.	0.0
correlation does not imply causation.	0.0
not to be a buzzkill, but you can bet the vast majority of those veterans voted republican, and will continue to do so.  you cannot make the weather then complain when it rains.  the gop agenda parted ways with their so-called ideology a long time ago.  anyone, and i mean anyone, making less than $ number , number  a year that votes republican today is a bona fide idiot.  they need to stop voting a party line and start voting for the party that really represents their interests.	0.0
*reads first part*   it is going to be texas...  yep, texas.	0.0
did they get arrested for trespassing and blocking traffic?  sounds like they we are breaking the law to me.	0.0
i wish there we are a way to find out how many voters for and against we are high at the time they voted.	1.0
why did it take two weeks for this to come out at all?	0.0
*challenge*      this is not a challenge.  more like a denial.	0.0
no.  the drug wars have not murdered all of the mexicans yet.  we need to hit at least  number k, the last  number k is free!   bonus points if we can double our guns and munitions exports down there first too!   besides, legal marijuana money has to go to shitty government services like schools and medicaid.  if we put people into private prisons we can allow our glorious leaders to benefit from the prisons directly!    i just do not think you get it.  putting other people in prison and killing brown people means **your freedom is even more valuable!  yaaaaay!!!! **  also, all of the experience in urban warfare will be useful when america begins its glorious domestic war against hackers and freedom hating protestor types.	1.0
&gt; i would have assumed the whole site was compromised by malware, and never gone near sf again.  i still might not.   the whole site is compromised by malware.   it is just sf sponsored malware.	0.0
your tax dollars at work.	1.0
i used to watch wltx.  :)	0.0
zimmerman did not claim stand your ground, just the same run-of-the-mill self defense every other state has.	0.0
the xbone is going to get pummeled by this thing.	0.0
facts do not matter to conservatives	1.0
go back to the leftist threads, your kind is not welcome here.	1.0
what she said is that he held meetings in his whitehouse with individuals who wanted borders set a specific way in israel so that the borders complied with the bible's requirements for the apocalypse.  is that true or false?	0.0
the fact that partisan battles are still able to cripple our country is what amazes me.  the father of our country, george washington, [warned us about this nearly  number  years ago! ]() while parties are necessary to provide a layer of checks and balances, we have let them stall the progress of our country far too much.  especially lately.	0.0
keep attacking the one world leader who stands up to fags, guys.  whoever said conservatives are their own worst enemies?	1.0
to be sure, we do need someone in the senate like warren to goad legislation in the proper direction.   that is something that a president has limited power to effect.   otoh, there is no one else on the scene presently that can be trusted to the singularly important job of president.	0.0
money shot from the end:  &gt; the virgin birth: mary probably made up the story of god impregnating her so that she would not be an outcast or stoned to death for being a teenage, unwed mother.  she could have been raped by a roman soldier or some other pervert as we are thousands of young women.  back then, the women we are penalized more than the rapists.  she could have just told a big lie and started christianity.  she would have had to tell jesus that he was the son of god to keep the lie going, so he grew up really believing god was his father.  jesus was not lying when he said he was the son of god, because he just believed what his mother told him.  this inspired him and connected him to the collective unconscious, what he called the holy spirit.  this gave him the ability to channel all the truth that he did.  he looked for the truth in the present, because he believed god, his father, would try to communicate with him.  just thinking this opened up the door to the universal mind and the truth and the life.  jesus was very open-minded and brave.   tl;dr:  believes the jesus story is a myth, but that the bible still holds truth.   i am going to pass.	0.0
he is still on the air?	0.0
if you actually bothered listening to him, you would know that he does not criticize the rich for making money, but for attempting to set up the system to ensure that they stay as wealthy as possible, while those that are not rich cannot move up.     there is nothing wrong with being a warren buffett and making billions, if you do not spend a chunk of that making sure that you do not have to pay taxes, and destroying the system that allows for social mobility.	0.0
as an australian, seeing this headline gave me hardcore deja vu.  torytard conservatives here just gutted our nbn project on behalf of murdoch and telstra.  ugh...  capitalism fail fail fail...	0.0
the whole point of wikipedia is not to approach editing with a specific political or ideological motivation.  it seems that revisionism is the nature of progressivism--the idea that the old normative methods are inherently bad and thus must be changed for the sake of change.	0.0
how many of these people support the commander should stay the deciding person to keep good order in the ranks?	0.0
you know, normally when superheroes (other than batman) get a vehicle it is poorly done attempt to cash in on some merchandising deal.   if you really want a vehicle that will definitely take you to a destination where the roads do not go, so that you can get some serious work done there, you should get a unimog.   it lacks comfort and tends to look ugly but if you want to fjord rivers, climb mountains driver through a forest, the desert or the frozen tundra or maybe just want to use your car as a train engine on a shunting yard it is definitely the one you want.	0.0
consider that  number % of us bankruptcies are due to medical bills.   also consider that  number % of those actually had insurance.  the crappy kind that the right wants people to keep if they like it.	0.0
this is another  creationist  ploy - the bible says that it is not a disease, so just ignore it.     sad, these two idiots who have never serve a day in the military or viewed up close and personal the actual horror of war / death, sit at home and tell soldiers how to feel.    i am sure the family and friends of those who are suffering from ptsd would disagree with these idiots.    it is only because that there is now a term for it - that it can be used by faux religious zealots - ignoring all those who had the same symptoms after serving in other wars - as they could only self-medicate.	0.0
(judging by the [extended list of scholars that will make an appearance]())	0.0
and seeing the light on the current drug policies.	0.0
takers come in all forms.    vets.   welfare queens.   widows.   people who own color tv's.    orphans.    /s	1.0
and here i am in the corner, hoping neil tyson steps up.  maybe not for a presidential bid, not yet, but his work as an education advocate and science promoter is *desperately* needed to counter some of the more extreme attacks on us.   rational thinking helps our side.	0.0
the democrats keep shooting themselves in the foot.  do they not know they will be out of the senate come election time?  almost everyone that drank the grape kool-aid is starting to wake up to the phony democrats that have done so much harm to america in a short  number  years.	0.0
why would they?	1.0
yes.  just fucking yes.  plus, if anyone criticizes her we can just call them sexist.  its perfect.	1.0
that is the quickest way to never get another interview.	0.0
if you think your legislator is too conservative,  look to replace him in the primary.   if you do not manage to do it, just think about what the republican house just did, and put your shoulder to the wheel.	0.0
he is anti-midas.  everything he touches turns into shit.  at least he is upfront with it.	1.0
not sensationalist enough, only whinefests and victimhood sells in the media these days.  any success stories are spread by 'ofa' and 'obama' shills.	0.0
a few of my friends and i joined google+ when it first launched but we just thought there was no use for it because hardly anyone we know was on it and everyone's on facebook anyway.  i think they screwed up a bit with the circles feature.  yes it is a great concept and it is dead simple, but i must admit, when i first joined, it did take me a little while to wrap my head around how it worked.  it is a common principle in user experience design not to make the user think ([do not make me think]()) and from my experience, i have found google breaks that principle a fair bit, which i think is one of their biggest weaknesses.  but to be fair, they are also great at creating simple/clean interfaces at times as well.  it is nice to have advanced features, but unfortunately, if they want to find their place is the social networking market, they need to appeal to the lowest common denominator.	0.0
well, with the help of liquid nitrogen - maybe.	1.0
good.   split the rino vote in the primaries.	0.0
anybody else find it hilarious this came from the guardian and not an american based news source?  gee i cannot imagine why...	1.0
liar	0.0
companies you use to have the freedom to boycott.	0.0
cannot wait for season two.	0.0
they probably gave him talking points to heckle obama with to make him a victim and make it look like he is more moderate than he really is.	0.0
happened when rusty venture slept with his teen fan club president.	1.0
poor lindsey, go pickup some tissues and a bucket of ice cream and head over to john mccain's house, i hear he is pretty down in the dumps himself.	1.0
the tea party will have a much harder time with funding in the next cycle.	0.0
is the island really sinking, or is the sea level rising around it?	1.0
the god they are worshipping is not father, son and holy spirit, it is mammon.	1.0
if you concentrate, you can hear the blehhhhh states rights bleating from pro-life bloggers.	1.0
do not let john stewart know	0.0
[history repeats and repeats and repeats]().	0.0
&gt;of course, the obama administration is to blame for the botched rollout, but there are other culprits getting less attention - namely, global tech conglomerate cgi, which was responsible for the bulk of the execution, and in general the ability of big corporations to get massive taxpayer-funded contracts without enough accountability.   &gt;government outsourcing to private contractors has exploded in the past few decades.  taxpayers funnel hundreds of billions of dollars a year into the chosen companies' pockets, about $ number bn of which goes to tech companies.  we have reached a stage of knee-jerk outsourcing of everything from intelligence and military work to burger flipping in federal building cafeterias, and it is damaging in multiple levels.   &gt;for one thing, farming work out often rips off taxpayers.  while the stereotype is that government workers are incompetent, time-wasters drooling over their texas instruments keyboards as they amass outsized pensions, studies show that keeping government services in house saves money.  **in fact, contractor billing rates average an astonishing  number % more than what it would cost to do the work in-house.  hiring workers directly also keeps jobs here in the us, while contractors, especially in the it space, can ship taxpayer-funded work overseas. **  &gt;fortunately, then, there are alternatives to outsourcing public functions to big corporations padding their profits at taxpayers' collective expense, and it is time we used them...   click thru for more.	0.0
and gap and old navy got me to shop there for christmas presents for girls.  i do not personally like those stores as a guy, but seeing this will definitely get them preferential treatment for christmas shopping.   i absolutely refuse to say anything other than merry christmas.  if you do not like it?  too fucking bad.  merry christmas.	0.0
now here is the thing:    church  is not a building or a geographical area.  it is something we can forget some times, but i am sure we have all heard that before.  another thing people misunderstand and does not get enough attention is that  church  is not an event either.     catch-phrases like this can serve a purpose, but they can also distract us from proper definitions, and in this case, proper ecclesiology.    the church is the body of believers.	0.0
 the wages of sin is aaauggghhhh!   --robert short, *the gospel according to peanuts*	1.0
ha!  gaaaayyyy	1.0
upvote away.  there is no virus.  mods label sites they think are 'biased' with unacceptable domain, which strangely enough included largely liberal leaning websites.  there is no virus, and the article is fine.	0.0
no.  it is supposed to make you think of the fact that around the world christians are persecuted and in some places killed, just for being christians, for making a claim that many in the west make flippantly.	0.0
why do a lot of his sentances end with '*mas*'?	0.0
all i can think of is red faction guerrilla when i look at this.  either way i want one now.	0.0
the reason they was not encrypted was because this was on an online service that allowed people access to their bitcoins whenever they wanted, so the private keys had to always be accessible server-side.   from a tech point, what they stole is control of the coins registed in the bitcoin protocol's distributed ledger.  they managed to get the site owner's private ecdsa cryptographic keys and used them to sign a bitcoin transaction to the thief's own bitcoin address.	0.0
a copy of your wallet after your bitcoins have been stolen is like a photograph of your coins after someone took your money.	0.0
i agree with the premise of this article, but i would reply with, why cannot we have both?   why cannot we have scripture knowledge and purity along with love and humility?   i think it is dangerous to take an  it is all good  approach to religion, because scripture is very clear to avoid false prophets and teachers, as they can lead us astray.   i actually would venture to say that scriptural knowledge leads us to love and humility.	0.0
in truth this has nothing to do with lobbying or cynical politics.   the uniforms created  number  years ago we are horribly designed.  they universally stood out in every environment.  supposedly the army did their extensive testing on colors and patterns to arrive at good uniform.  but then some top brass ordered them to use the marine digicam pattern (because it is cool and good for recruitment presumably) but to keep the new army colors.  colors need to be designed specific to a pattern, hence the most ineffective cam since the british invaded (ok, slight overstatement).   this time i hope they do it right.  this is a great story about wasteful spending, but not so much about corruption.	1.0
one more time: people have rights.  governments do not have rights, governments have powers granted to them by the people.	0.0
and people who understand math.	0.0
in his letter of resignation, he said he wishied to spend more quality time with his klan.	1.0
they are just pissing and moaning that someone told them  no .	0.0
unfortunately, it is the right wing that is more likely to invoke christianity or relgion in general, so they kinda have a certain ownership of it.	0.0
forgot to mention in the title, this is an x-post from /r/basicincome	0.0
&gt; it is our fucking country  who are you talking about, exactly?	0.0
same here.  the verdict is as sad as it is predictable.	0.0
cola costs more per litre than petrol around here.	0.0
how to force a  number % pay cut, and not have any full time employees that need benefits.   fuck everything about this idea.	0.0
i love how they show the pictures of the items they are talking about.   you know, instead of just using visually entertaining stock images that are vaguely related.	1.0
damn ted, you must think gods a pussy.	1.0
religions is not over 'til the magic brownies say so.	1.0
i do not think you really did the lutheran view of law and gospel justice.  what i essentially see you saying is  the law is old testament, and does not apply to us anymore.   that is not how law and gospel works for us lutherans.	0.0
unmarried sex is only bad if the female has an orgasm, because women are sinful vile things who do not deserve enjoyment.	1.0
the joke is that there might be *more* innovative people.  after all, real genuises have tended not to be so interested in money as they are so overwhelmingly interested in their work.  did mozart or einstein need a ton of money?  did they cry about not having three swimming pools and multiple porches?  what if we we are actually closing off the very best talent or simply ignoring it?	1.0
reid is a lying sack of a hypocrite.   boy are you dems going to regret this once the republicans regain control again.	0.0
she is  quiet ?  i have seen so many more news stories about warren than about hilary in recent years.	0.0
 distinguish the spirits to see whether they are from god.     i was not raised christian, and i do not understand this one.  :(	0.0
 oh you are an atheist so you must believe -   going to have to stop you right there.  you are already wrong.	0.0
yes, but can it run minecraft on far?	0.0
fox news and it is viewers have been on a sinking island void of anything intellectual for years now.   this is not news.	0.0
yeah i have to say as a moderate that if i saw this slideshow it would shift me to the right.   there are useful and detrimental forms of biblical criticism.  your slide glibly defends them all by painting your opponents as all representing a single position (literalism) and arguing criticism is superior.  well as a moderate i am no literalist, but depending what criticism you are talking about, it sure is preferable!   law and gospel is spread throughout both testaments, sometimes within the same verse, your slide shows a complete misunderstanding of walther and therefore lutheranism.  furthermore, to write off a part of the cannon is marcionism (an ancient heresy)   remember that your pro life brethren understand abortion to be murder.  if you want to try to convince them you are going to need an argument where you can replace the word  abortion  for  murder  in the argument and it will still be persuasive.  i am not saying *you* have to believe it is murder, i am saying you have to know your audience.   actually the issue of homosexuality is not remotely controversial in places where the church is growing like east asia and north africa.  it is a major issue in the us and europe.  try again without writing off  number % of all christians in your answer.   there are two sides to the final argument, you miss both of them, and presume the problem is that they do not understand the way to accomplish a liberal political agenda is through liberalism.   side  number : the political causes i think are most important are things like addiction recovery, missions to closed countries, and family values, consistent with all the things you named, but represented in this country by the opposite political party as the one this church is supporting.   side  number : i do not think the church institution should be supporting any political agenda at all, i think that is a job for christians, but not churches, the church has lost focus on the important things (like the sacraments)	0.0
this it what burns my ass about this country,this is still going on and yet we send billions of dollars to all these assholes around the world who hate us!  foreign aid my ass !  let us feed our own first!  now i am all pissed off!  i am done!	0.0
 remember all those angry lectures that obamacare was settled law?  the democrats said,  it is the law of the land.  you cannot change it.   well, so much for that.   so much for the rule of law.  so much for constitutional republicanism.   now we have the president playing dictator the other way to save his party's bacon and to save his dream of government-run socialized medicine.    - rush	0.0
for proper evaluation, we also need christian tape and muslim tape.  if christian tape is lost less than neutral control...	0.0
the holiday is not president's day.   it is george washington's birthday.	0.0
sort of a  read my lips, no new taxes.   ghw bush moment for obama.	0.0
unfortunately voters have a short memory.   the gop bastards would never dream of pulling this shit  number  month before a congressional election.	0.0
he is not a poor minority or illegal alien.  obamacare was not designed to help him.    i wonder if this story will ever make it to r/politics where they hail obumacare as the best thing since welfare.	0.0
&gt; when her group [the oklahoma coalition for reproductive justice] began lobbying against a personhood bill by saying it would restrict in-vitro fertilization, or ivf, a legislator who planned to vote for it, said: sorry, what is ivf?  	
why do american voters allow morons to govern america?   (and no, i am trying **really really hard** not to just leap to the obvious conclusion. ) 	1.0
making 'class warfare' seem like a bad thing was one of the smartest things rich people ever did.	0.0
&gt; true statement is true.   how can something so tautological be so wrong?	0.0
welcome to the world if southern baptists.   nasty people.	0.0
i do like how anderson cooper tries to defend obama by saying that laszewski has been opposed to obamacare and that the white house is calling it preposterous.	0.0
i am always amazed at how willing liberals are to admit that they agree with  the ends justifies the means .	0.0
it is ok.  shit is not a word you should be concerned about.  here's a story...    someone, somewhere, sometime decided to create a new word that means the same as  poop , but is not  poop .  they started using it, and then more people started using it, and then someone decided they we are going to be offended by it.  this person then created a rule somewhere that this word is bad.  and then more people began following the rule, and eventually it became a societal norm to believe that  shit  was a bad word, even though it literally means  poop , and saying it was a sin.   if it is not in the bible, friend, i would not consider it a sin, or even something bad.  it is just a word that someone else decided you could not say.	0.0
same here in co.   no issues.	0.0
i got into it in a thread and said just this... and you should have seen the hate and vitriol.   every comment was calling me a liar.   it was truly amazing to see how angry socialists get when you call out the awful past their ideology has.	0.0
it is sad that low-information liberals do not get the idea that stand your ground is the means for poor people to protect themselves from others attempting to bully them.   stand your ground means you do not have to turn your back on a threat, which is often the worst thing you can do.   having to be forced in the time of danger to try to determine if your back is truly against the wall (figuratively) in the face of a threat.   if the situation between the black young man and a hispanic guy we are switched, and the hispanic was driving the black guy's head into the asphalt for no reason other than his own rage, the vast majority of america would support the black man using lethal force to save his own life.   if you are not in favor of stand your ground, you are either ignorant or you have got a gun control agenda.	1.0
the tpp is a knockout blow to us manufacturing; in its beaten state idk if us manufacturing can make a comeback.	0.0
what bothers me the most about this is that workers have the ability to make packages go missing without being caught.	0.0
and right after this [someone in the audience fainted]( v= number j number mvxvs number ).  obama was able to pick them out in a crowd of people, diagnose the issue as not serious from the stage, and then get them some water.    how could anyone not love such a compassionate and caring leader?	1.0
it is the difference between me knowing that you are an idiot, and you thinking i am evil.	0.0
what about the money bo is taking out of the food stamp program in order to fund michelle's 'let us move program'?...	0.0
yup..  if they really did not think it would work, they should it pass..  and let it  fail ... they would get the house, senate and presidency.	0.0
the really important question is why the fuck do we keep talking about limbaugh?	0.0
amen to that.	0.0
heheheheheheheh	0.0
it is important here to remember the words of jesus when he said  let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these, until they make too much noise and then you can stare at their parents until they feel so awkward and ashamed and feel like they need to apologise for their children, and then they take their kids to a separate room.  	1.0
this open-minded academic nailed it *right* on the head	1.0
thank you for this.  i have  number  children,  number ,  number , and  number  weeks old and sometimes i wonder if i should stay home and watch mass instead of bringing my  distractions.   we have a crying room, and if one of them act up my wife and i will take them their until they calm down.  this gives me a new prespective and is very encouraging.	0.0
abused how?	0.0
even though their support is at an all time low, their press coverage, and funding, will not be.	0.0
aggregate dollar amount does not equal votes.  you are just as likely to vote for the candidate you donated $ number  to as you are to the candidate you maxed out your donation on.  super pacs only have so much impact- see karl rove's super pacs, and mitt romney losing the last presidential election.  there is no significant impact of money in an election.   the way i see it, the problems (by problems, i mean extreme wing politicians, ie the handful of tea partiers in congress that have currently hijacked the federal government) that we face come from the primary process.  primary elections only have the most extreme or fringe members of their party voting, which is why we wind up with these candidates.    but there is hope.  here's how you can change outcomes: register with a party and show up to all elections!!  encourage your state to have open primaries!!  get off reddit and get out there and sign petitions, volunteer, get your message out.	0.0
does it comes in agp?	1.0
they know it will not stand up in court.  that is not the point.  the goal is to bankrupt existing abortion providers while hey fight this law.	0.0
pretty much the same here.  i remember when bitcoins went above $ number  (i think they even peaked at around $ number ) and stayed there for a while, but then dropped to around $ number - number .  back then there was a lot of discussion on bitcoin forums whether it would be a good investment to just buy a bunch of bitcoins and sit on them, hoping that their price would increase.  the general consensus was pretty much:  nah, you might double your money in a few years if you are lucky, but that is about it .   who would have thought that you could profit  number % in just a couple of years?   (iirc, i have about  number .  number btc in my wallet acquired by mining (have not used bitcoin in ages) and back when i earned that, it was not really worth anything, but apparently now even that would be worth around $ number .  crazy. )	0.0
yup, also i hate the whole  purchase out movie on our system...  oh yea, you can only use our special player to use it .  that is my main complaint with drm.  i do not want to be restricted to certain devices and such.	0.0
treasonous.	0.0
this is really upsetting.	0.0
ouch.   do not hold back, tell us how you really feel.	1.0
fuck all the speculation until we see a video.	0.0
well at least you are honest.   unfortunately, paying for things is kind of expected.  definitely not as much as what they are asking, but no money means no game of thrones for us to pirate.   i prefer taking a moral middle ground -- i look on what streaming services i have available in canada, and if it is not there...  then yes, there is that wonderful swedish site everyone loves.   which of course means i am pretty much always going swedish.  or using region unblockers.  thanks, content distributors, for ignoring everyone outside of the us!	1.0
congratulations on your successful surgery, praise god!   also, you have enough beard to shame an orthodox priest.	1.0
next up on fox news: is the pope instigating class warfare?	1.0
this is portland, maine, everybody.   though i would now surmise that portland, oregon might be at  number + percent.	0.0
in other news, apples  number  times more popular than oranges.	1.0
i love how they at the end, they pull out a stuck hummer.	0.0
perhaps they are confusing god with cherry picked pieces of the bible?   if they literally think god spoke to them directly i am really rather scared.	0.0
yeah, yeah, yeah, but if i dare bitch about buhraaack between bites of my turkey drumstick i am right back in the kkk again as far as the libtards are concerned.	1.0
fucking a guys, the only reason we have been winning elections is because we appear normal compared to the tea party.  i do not necessarily like clinton but she would win  number  ensuring that the supreme court would be dominated by liberals for the foreseeable future.  it would be easier for a liberal supreme court to overrule previous rulings like citizen united than it would for congress, which will remain divided due to the republican gerrymandering of crucial swing states that allow them to hold the house despite losing the popular vote.  the greatest strength republicans had until  number  was that they fell in line.  this is what democrats have done since then and it has allowed us to hold the presidency along with the senate.  elizabeth warren is to the democrats as ted cruz is to the republicans; they represent the the beliefs of the base but do not reflect the attitudes of the general electorate which, despite obama's election and reelection, remains centre-right.  all she would do is hurt hillary in the primary by forcing hillary to move further to the left just as santorum and gingrich forced romney to move further and further to the right.  winning the  number  election is all that matters.  fall in line.  the day will come when we can elect a candidate like senator warren but it is not this day.  do not confuse me for a moderate as i fall into the british school of economics and would like nothing more than to see a re-implementation of new deal fiscal policy but our current political climate will not allow that and losing the presidency would allow republicans to cut more programs than we are seeing now with obama.    we have to hold the line.  look at the big picture.	0.0
the cooch had a huge lead at first, and i was freaking terrified that we would be stuck with ken *american taliban* cuccinelli for four years, leading to all sorts of anti-abortion, anti-health-care, and anti-lgbt-rights nonsense.    thank goodness the dc suburbs saved us!!!	0.0
cannot access the site anyway; it says the security certificate has been revoked.	0.0
people are starting to be a lot more divisive with their beliefs, that is for sure.  it is not dying.	0.0
i am an ardent leftist but i agree with him.  the moral relativism amongst my friends often descends into abstract lunacy with few people willing to definitively condemn or support anything for fear of offending someone else or being excoriated themselves.  the left eats its own in my experience just as well as the right does, with many desiring to make their reputations on the bloody husks of colleagues who we are not  left enough  in a culture of shaming and ridicule that can be painful to watch.	0.0
&gt; i own a home worth about $ number , number ...  my school and property taxes are $ number , number  per year  holy shit!   i thought property taxes we are bad!   $ number k home with property taxes of $ number , number  per year (but we live in a small town in central il).   that is insane!	0.0
&gt;i wish someone would call him on it on camera.   here's something else i was they would call him on.    in all previous government shut downs, the fight was over the budget and proposed spending.  it was never about a bill that was passed by congress and signed into law by the president.  now what he is doing is thwarting the democratic process by trying to undo legislation that his party does not like by using extortion.  why does boehner think he is no longer bound by the usual democratic process?     i had like to hear the answer to that question.	0.0
this is also the kind of shit that'll be on r/cringepics	0.0
doubt is what destroys lukewarmness.  we should be either hot or cold, and that is what doubt accomplishes.  as you said, it either causes you to search and find your answers and make you on fire for your faith, or you realize you did not believe it in the first place, and grow cold.	0.0
this is why it infuriates me when people on reddit use that tired old comment about atheists being  just as bad  as religious zealots. really???? &gt; witch killings: &gt;enoch adeboye is an evangelical pastor from nigeria who promotes the existence of witches and wizards, resulting in the torture and death of young children and others in nigeria, the wider african continent, and has also spread into europe. (see ref# number ) &gt;on christmas day,  number ,  number -year-old kristy bamu was found by paramedics in the bathroom of an east london high-rise flat. his body had been mutilated, teeth we are missing, and he was covered in deep cuts and bruising. he had been starved and deprived of water and sleep, punched and kicked repeatedly, floor tiles smashed over his head, his teeth knocked out with a hammer, and a pair of pliers had been used to twist his ear. in the last four days of his life, he had suffered acts of unspeakable savagery, viciously inflicted upon him by a man he called  uncle  and one of his own sisters. &gt;why? &gt;because eric bikubi and magalie bamu, the boy's family members, we are convinced that he was a witch . debbie ariyo, executive director of africans unite against child abuse ... explains that a boom in pentecostal churches was leading to more children being accused of witchcraft.	
&gt;an average of eight children a year in greater london are victims of abuse based on witchcraft-style exorcisms, but this only reflects cases resulting in police investigations.  	
according to uk church statistics,  number  pentecostal churches opened between  number  and  number , taking the total to  number , number  - that figure is expected to rise to  number , number  by  number .  as a result, ariyo fears that   witch-branding   will increase.  	
&gt;  it is spreading like bushfire because it is a source of income,   says ariyo. 	
if you can charge   number  for an oil that is going to 'cure' a child of evil spirits, you are going to make money.   	
&gt;whilst adeboye's primary aim may be to exert power over his congregation and to extort money from relatives for cures, many people take the matter into their own hands. 	
his preaching will increase the likelihood of people in a segment of the australian community being accused of witchcraft by radical evangelicals.  subsequently, this will increase the chance of acts of torture and murder being committed like the case in the uk, referred to above. 	
&gt;if torture and murder are the result of this sort of evangelical preaching in a developed western nation like england, then there is every reason to expect heinous acts to be committed here if the australian government grants access to this man known for hate-mongering, acts of evil and causing great harm to others. (see ref# number , number , number , number , number  and  number )	
&gt;anti- homosexuals:	
&gt;adeboye is currently campaigning, from the pulpit, for a proposed nigerian law making same sex marriage an offence punishable by up to  number  years in prison. 	
additionally, he is increasing the danger to anyone seen as being 'pro-gay', potentially causing journalists to be too afraid to report the truth. 	
in effect (if not intentionally) adeboyes campaigning will essentially lead to the outlawing of organizations that provide services for gay people, including hiv/aids clinics. 	
&gt;the nigerian anti-gay law has already been passed by both houses of parliament.  in addition to criminalising same sex marriage, it also punishes public displays of same sex affection by up to ten years jail.   the bill is only awaiting the president's signature to become law. 	
&gt;the you. s.  ambassador to nigeria has said that enoch adeboye is not in line with international human rights laws.  	
&gt;there are serious concerns in the australian community that some of adeboye's ignorant, vulnerable congregation will interpret what he is saying (  same-sex marriage is an anathema to the will of god  ) to mean that it is 'god's will' for them to rid the world of homosexuals. (see ref# number , number  and  number ) 	0.0
i wonder how much of this is a natural progression of both parties playing an ever more brutal game.   obama is more closed than bush who was more closed than clinton...  and whoever follows obama i will be an even bigger control freak.	0.0
when you have seen how angry and violent the religious groups are, it makes sense to want no association with them.	0.0
hahahahahahahahahaha-  wait...  are you serious?	1.0
i still maintain a percentage of the population is genetically prone to religion.  while controversial, it explains how educated people who know better still cannot shake it.   for anyone who asks, provided you understand how evolution works:  what happens to the population when you spend thousands of years systematically killing anyone who tells you they do not believe in your god(s)?	0.0
would they take it back?	1.0
now if only this could show the millions of people who will stay wallowed in poverty because the train cannot go faster.	1.0
wow, if you got fox news there is no mention of this.    fox news does not even talk about the shutdown anywhere on their site.    the closest they come they say something called a slim down, but that makes no sense.   so fox news is ignoring the main political story right now about the shutdown.	0.0
apparently, liberals are all for regulation as long as it does not interfere with their ability to kill the shit out of some fetus.   heaven forbid we try to increase regulations on abortions.   no, no, no.   we cannot have that.	1.0
bachmann is nothing if not persistent, her pigheaded refusal to accept facts and give up her delusions border on a personality disorder.	1.0
blame the veil covering all their peripheral vision.	1.0
welcome to the new congress, same as the old congress....	0.0
it was still an incredibly lucrative investment for the kochs.   i am sure they made a fucking killing from the total chaos it created in our government and the (hopefully) temporary destruction of protections for the middle and lower classes from a total corporate takeover.   mission absolutely accomplished.	0.0
so apparently catholics are not christians according to this pamphlet.	0.0
could you image how poor of a state they would be, without  city folks  tax money?	0.0
the most amazing part of that episode was when they brought up islam.  is was amazing: the three religious-sympathiser libs we are saying all religions we are equal regarding the ability to encourage violence (which is *facially* absurd), &amp; al sharpton threw in the typical, stupid,  &amp; atheists too  comment...  then bill brought the statistics about muslims' support for outlawing criticism of islam in britain to the table, &amp; the three people we are going mad.  they we are getting irritable &amp; saying 'but what about america', &amp;, 'surely christianity is just as bad as islam' (in the vein of this post modern 'everything is equal' nonsense)...   *then* bills totally goes on a tangent...  out of the blue he starts talking about a film, &amp; the three of them get happy again, they are laughing &amp; agreeing &amp; saying how absurd the us military is...   *but then*...  *richard dawkins*, uninterested in hollywood, goes back to the hard facts: he says,  but it is not just americans they are after [in revenge for foreign policy]: a lot of british muslims support killing fellow muslims for leaving islam ...  they are all caught off guard, al is like,  ok, so what do we do about it?   michael moore is frustrated &amp; get sarcastic &amp; says,  ok, but, so what, should we kill them all?  ...  the answer is just use liberalism; stand by liberalism &amp; do not be afraid of criticising islam.  it was like a brief moment those statistics *actually* resonated with people who did not like them.	0.0
why only spending cuts?  include subsidy slashes and across the board tax increases, especially for corporations.  then see how quickly republicans come running to the table.	0.0
i am going to use this comment without giving credit to you.	1.0
because it is texas.  the place where they slip creationism into textbooks.	0.0
i have a feeling the aca will be that little taste of actual health care that makes the american public say fuck it, i want universal healthcare.	0.0
utah:  our jesus can beat up your jesus.   can i get  in javier morales we trust 	1.0
&gt; secrete rulings  that explains a lot.	0.0
i thought this was even more impressive:  &gt; she is outspoken and controversial.  she lost a domain to the libyan government, was famously yelled at by steve jobs, was the locus of google's nymwars, and was the first female podcaster.	0.0
benefits:  - fewer drug enforcement officers needed, can focus on solving more serious crime   - taxes of business and sales  - most of the marijuana related offenders in the prison population can be released  - marijuana smell may no longer be used as probable because in searches  cons:  - state may have to provide farm subsidy's and / or crop insurance which may decrease total tax revenue.   - state drug enforcement agents may be out of a job   - police and prisons may decrease employment as well due to less inmates  - marijuana smell may no longer be used as probable because in searches	0.0
check out the comment section on this video on youtube.  watch? v=kx number jptfblfg the son (nicolas samples) of the preacher (angela cummings) is arguing with her.  incidentally, she has a youtube channel where she uploads her  sermons .	0.0
single payer healthcare works great where i live.  americans should not be afraid to try something different.  universal healthcare for all americans!	0.0
i prefer it!  i am a texan and a while back i had a horrible kidney stone but i did not know what it was because i had never had one before, i went to the er in excruciating pain and they treated me wonderfully!   i got three, count 'em baby three, shots of morphine through an iv, that is an experience i have never had before but enjoyed and would recommend!  then i left with a handful of prescriptions after a ct scan (is that right?  some kind of scan! ) and went home and was high as a kite for a few days and then it passed and we we are all good again.  woo!   so then the bill comes and it is $ number !  so at first i was all like  woah, shit  so i called and complained because while in the er i had specifically ask, repeatedly, how much the scan would cost and had repeatedly had my question refused to be answered by the doctors, nurses, radiologists (or whatever they are called) and even the lady who came in to get my personal info and ask me for a credit card to pay  as much as i could afford right now  (i authorized  number $ because she would not explain to me what exactly it was i was paying for  right now  and i finally decided they just wanted a card on file).   sooo when the bill comes the scan alone was  number  bucks, just the scan, the entire rest of my treatment was only  number  which i would probably have paid gladly after the wonderful care i got (and i knew i was uninsured going into this and i knew ers are expensive and at the time i was in horrible pain and scared shitless by it so i did not care).  i made my choices and would live with them but  number  grand for just the scan?  that seemed unreasonable to me and i also found out later that scans like that are not necessary for kidney stones and often are not done unless you are peeing blood, so wtf?   so this is where the fun starts, i called to complain about this scan cost, i was quite clear that i would pay a reasonable about for my care and was happy with my care but i could not afford  number  total and that  number k for the scan was nuts, so they ask me to fill out some paperwork to see if i qualified for  financial relief  from my bill.  i explained again that i did not want charity, i just wanted a reasonable bill (and btw,  number  for the three shots of morhpine and the  number  minutes the doctor spent with me seems a little out of whack too,  number  of that is called an  er fee  and is apparently a charge you get just for walking into the er regardless of what happens next, but hey they took good care of me and i do not know what the fuck morphine costs).   anyway the only option i had was to file for the charitable relief, well ya see i am currently a  stay at home uncle  my brother abandoned his two kids with our mom, she cannot afford day care (you would not fucking believe how expensive day care is) and since i made less money than she does, i become the stay at home parent.  we all live together now, she pays the bills and i take care of the kids.  it was weird at first but it is actually kinda rewarding and fun now (most of the time).  so technically i am single with no income and have been for about a year and a half now and my tax returns reflect that.  actually do have some income for contract it work with people who knew me before i quit, it is all under the table though.   soooo i got full relief.  i actually have some money and my mother actually makes  ok  money and we we are willing to pay a reasonable amount for the bill (my hope was to reduce it by half to  number k and pay it out over time, lower is better of course but i had braced myself to accept  number  grand if i could negotiate hard enough to get there).  instead i paid  number $.  and i learned a valuable lesson, if it looks like you have no money you can go to the er for freeeeee!  wee!   so suck it tax payers i ripped you off for  number  bucks and i have three pain pills left over for a rainy day!   now stupid obamacare is going to make me pay for my own insurance :( boooo that is going to be like  number $ a month.  every month!  you even have to pay in december!  come on government, it is baby jesus birthday, fucking dicks.	1.0
blacks have gone full stupid with the race card.  i just think it is funny at this point.	0.0
this would make me so happy.  it sounds like they might move him to a later spot though.  honestly if they we are smart they would just drop him.	0.0
drive-thru abortions are next.    i have driven half-way across the state to see a specialist.  if it really is their choice to have the abortion then this should not hinder them.	1.0
while dick is an ass hat, it is generally considered to be in the interest of national security to keep the president and vice president healthy.  a vp not accepting these surgeries on moral grounds would be potentially hazardous in other ways.  now, he could have paid for them on his own, but the us government has a vested interest in keeping him alive.  also, taking advantage of what is available, while still not believing it should be available, does not necessarily make him a bad person.     would you like some free ice cream?     i do not think you should be giving out free ice cream, but yes i am hot and need to cool down and would love some free ice cream.      there is an unlimited amount of things to hate him for, focusing on this is silly.	0.0
moore is a big supporter of veterans.   he runs an organization that focuses on getting veterans jobs when they come home.   he is simply pointing out the hypocrisy of the vapid  support our troops  types that actually do not do a fucking thing to support our troops, and do not even realize how bad off a lot of veterans are when they come home.   here is an op-ed he wrote that explains his position pretty well:  [those who say 'i support the troops' really do not](. html)  p. s.   if you actually thought he was celebrating suicides of veterans, you are probably mentally challenged.	1.0
something i read earlier today:  &gt;...  conservatives rooting for its demise have been expressing not just vindication, but triumph.   we could be looking at the collapse of american liberalism,  said columnist charles krauthammer.   liberalism is crumbling in front of our eyes,  echoed michele bachmann.   &gt;that is a little like proclaiming that your team will inevitably lose the world series, then go bankrupt and disband because the other team scored a run in the first inning of game  number .    [pretty good article. ](. html)	0.0
this was what folks did not understand about the last raise on incomes over $ number k (and the pubbies exploited to the hilt).	0.0
at least the new york post is telling the truth.	0.0
edit: i will preface with this:the title and article linked above is a misconception of most progressives because:  (most) republicans are believers in the free market.  i may get nuked for this, but the tea partiers/conservatives/republicans do not have a plan because *no plan is necessary*.  because if you remove the laws holding back entrepreneurs from starting a business, they will 'fill the hole' with a service/product at competitive prices, because others will be offering same/similar product/services.  this competition is what drive prices down.  *customers voting with their money. *  it is a perfect example of the argument of centralized planning&amp;control vs.  free market.   one of the arguments for years is that if insurance companies could (in the past) have offered plans nation-wide, rather then limited by state borders, the dollar cost averaging of health care would have been more effective.   anyway, my  number  cents.	0.0
this is an interesting point.  there are no shortcuts in materials engineering.   cheap  number d printers may be great for prototyping and for soft materials, e. g.  in the range of plastic up to lighter structural metals.   but some kind of tools requires specific materials, that requires very specific processing that may be hazardous (high temperatures, fumes, toxic byproducts) and costly (energy, short lifespan of machinery when working hard parts, long post production testing... ).   if  number d printing is the silver bullet for an industrial process, i expect the first ones to embrace it being professional operators, where any edge over competitors means millions, and i expect some delay (if ever) for the process being accessible for general purpose low cost equipment.   and, last but not least, i do not expect a single process, even if flexible and advanced as  number d printing, to be ever able to replace any other kind of specialized processing.  molding, laser cutting, welding, machining...  each single process is more effective in its context.	0.0
maybe you mean how we are to respond to the gospel?  or how the gospel affects us and gives us salvation?  i mean the basic gospel is the life, death, resurrection, and ascension of jesus christ and r.  catholics definitely see that the same as any other christian.	0.0
[... what? ]()	0.0
does anybody remember during one of the debates how obama said he was proud to call it  obamacare ?	0.0
the pope is meeting a cruel dictator.   likely will not address his cruel dictatorship.   boo.   at least he is not blessing rebecca kadaga like the last pope.	1.0
